Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Welcome everybody sorry we have minor delay. This is my kids.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hopefully, everybody had a great weekend.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Summer flew by very quickly.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. So let's do this. Let's go through. Today's live coaching. I see a lot of people join us already. Welcome, welcome, all right. So make sure to turn on your camera if you can, so I can see all my students beautiful faces when I teach, so I don't feel I'm teaching talking to empty blank screens. Okay? So now let's get started. Let me
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: share screen
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: get started right? Now, cool. Okay. So today we cover module 5 process. Interview. Any. I want to put quick upfront guidance regarding if you are new, do not feel like Oh, my goodness, why start from Module 5.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And the way we teach our word program is 5, 8 modules in a loop. So numbers doesn't mean the prerequisite for any of the modules. You can actually get started with
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Module 8 for Senior Pm. Or for aspiring. Pm. We recommend people start from modules 3 and 4, each person a different kind of study paths. Usually, when you come into news assessment, we'll tell you which one to get started first.st However, all you need to do is when starting module. 5. You only need to study the prep. Training for Module 5. Before you get started with me. Live, however, even if you miss the prep. Training module 5. Just go back to watch recordings.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The prep training of each module is me just reading through the slides which the other slides machine with you going through all the slides all together. Okay, so. But I learned that the best way for me to spend variables on it, like all of us together, is actually doing live case studies. So therefore, if you miss the Prep training, make sure to watch it after the session ideally, watch it before we get started. Okay? So now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: without further ado, let's get started regarding all the important lessons today we cover process. Interview
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is a standard interview for upper managers. Regardless you interview for fan companies or unicorn startups. And now it's literally everybody trying to model after the Fan company started from fan companies. Now, everybody want to model after that, and even Openai ask
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the same type of interview questions, but they make it more challenging. They make it 30 min instead of 45 min, and I also have seen a trend of those interviewing questions. They make it even shorter. We have seen cases that they ask 3
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cases or 3 framework within 1, 45 min questions since they're going really fast. Okay, not just for Fan Company. I want to make it clear, not just for Fan company. Even, for example, capital. One has to enjoy capital. One has several students
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: joined Kevin one recently, and they ask you multiple questions within the same 45 min questions, but that lead to like 3 different framework, which will teach you the framework are covered in Module 5 and 6 altogether, and we have in our program has so many different framework and module, had different another Gucci framework as well, so many framework. But it's literally the interview process start getting harder and harder. To be frank, because it's employers. Market AI already replaced 25% of the entry level jobs last year
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this year Senior. Pm's also going through all the layoffs like competition nowadays. Not just Pm's anything I also have seen like undergrad mit Stanford undergrad studied computer science reaching out to us. And hey, do you know any job opportunities? It was pretty crap if you go to Mit Stanford. Okay, so it's not just part management as a profession, the whole tech
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because AI is replacing jobs out there. So that's why the interview bar is higher. So therefore I want to train you up, train you guys up to get ready for all the interview challenges. Okay? So it's just more competitive. Say less jobs and generates less jobs out there. Okay for both senior and aspiring, aspiring and like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: less jobs. But senior people is more like, you have competitions. So that's the reason behind it. Okay? But regardless.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we must go through this, this change of the industry right now, not just applying for our industries all places, and changing. So without further ado, let's make sure to apply everything, teach you today and get very sharp and best answers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All right so, and feel free to go to celebration channel. We have lots of great progress in the celebration channel and feel free to go there and also learn from other people who also have very similar backgrounds, just like you, and to speed up the process. I'm not going to talk about Jason's, and he recently joined Amazon as a senior Pm. As entrepreneur. But I do want to tell one inspiring story each time. When I teach, and I do time myself.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: When I teach, I want to wrap up everything within few minutes before we dive into the live cases together. Okay, so now. But I do want to show you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Jamie Karen Lima's story because she's my role model. Whenever I see challenges, I literally will think about what she does. Okay, so this is her story. She was the CEO of it. Cosmetics. If you go, Sephora, all those cosmetics, brand. You will see it. Cosmetics. Okay? And then this brand was sold to Sd. Lauder for a billion dollars, and then she became the Sd. Lauder's 1st
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: female CEO. And then recently, she didn't join them. She want to pursue her different passions. But the important story I want to share with you guys is her
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: objections. How many objections she had. So this, really, it's a cosmetic brand. Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you know, it's blue ocean strategy.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cosmetic brand. Everybody, so many different brands competition for cosmetic brand, the makeup stuff or craziest crazy crazy. Okay, so early in her year she was just bootstrapping her cosmetics brand in Chicago and was in 2 years, with no income, with her husband altogether working on the same brand, and she literally was rejected by over 1,000 Vcs. Didn't want to invest in her company, and one day she got a phone call
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and the Vc. Said, Can you come into San Francisco office? I want to tell you this news in person, and she was oh, my goodness! This is the one this is when someone finally decided to invest in a company. So she bought the cheapest fries you can ever find from Chicago flying to San Francisco, and then, when she got to the Vc. Office, the Vc. Pulled her on the side
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and start saying, You know what?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't want to tell you this in like over the phone, and I just want to tell you the the truth.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and I think will help you significantly. We decide not to invest in your company because we don't think people buy cosmetic brand makeup brand from someone who look like you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is crazy. Let's read. It's like you said it to any woman, basically saying that she's just not as good looking.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think it's very insulting. Anybody. Say this and then she just really like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: ball out crying in the hallway just like crying. It's like crazy has been so many rejections. Now, it's like people saying that I'm not pretty enough. Which kind of shoe and all the consume brands. You know all the models like this. By the way, all these models on Instagram, they are Photoshopped
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Photoshop models, not even real models. Okay? Now, they have AI models. Okay? So they all look like this. But it's true. Very few people look like her. Okay, so
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: here is what she did. Of course it took her like several days to recover from this very, very insulting statement. And then she took a very different approach. So she finally got opportunity to have like, 10 min on Qvc. Qbc, basically is a live shopping show like television shopping show. You talk about your product. People can. Just
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I make a phone call and place orders. Is that crazy, and the way she decide to sell her product in through different ways was that she went into the show with full makeup on, and she started to describe, saying that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you know what. So I like this with my makeup, and let me remove my makeup. Show you what I look like before the makeup, and she'll remove her makeup. And then she look like this. So basically, she has, like some woman has those kind of conditional skin that in her words. It's called sandpaper skin, just like lots of red spots. It's not naturally great and literally other type of makeup on her face gonna fall off, or her her face, because her face was so dry. It's a sandpaper skin. But
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: after she described before and after after removing the the makeup, and literally herself start to take off, and people start to see the authentic person who she is, and also understand how strong, how great the cosmetic brand look like. Okay, so I want you to start. Reflect
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: anytime in your career and job hunting journey.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Did the job market or other people
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in your life? Tell you what you cannot do.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, in that situation happen. I want you to do this. I want to find one role model and start to ask yourself, what would my role model do?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hey? Let's say you pick somebody, Vanessa. I don't think you can become a Pm. There will be people saying that I have. Someone said to me in my face in San Francisco, I don't think you're the entrepreneurial type. I literally someone said it to me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay. And then, years later middle finger, you know. So. But
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you will see people like that. Okay, so ignore. Okay, there will be people like this telling you what you can do what you cannot do. Sometimes it's out of a frank advice, saying, Nancy, don't waste your time. I think it's better you stay in your lane right sometimes it's for very friendly advice. Okay, but I want you to understand anytime through an entire job hunting process.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Even if you get rejections, what other people tell you can or cannot do. Sometimes you feel like you're perfect fit for the job, and you want to find wrong interview. And I was like, Oh, no, you're not the right one. And then you didn't get didn't get offered. Okay, in the situation happened. Just
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: pick one role model and very simple. Just like, what would my role model do when she got rejected?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And the answer is very clear.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: When I see challenges, I would ask myself, what would
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Jamie Karenima do? If she got rejected, or she got this kind of setback setback, would she just say, Give up?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Or would she just say, Let me keep working on it and give another try.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The answer will be very simple.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and also what she also represent. It's like, let's really not just say all the good looking women like Instagram models, and lots of people just look at her like normal women look like her. Didn't get a chance to really show up their beauty as well. There's lots of motivations and reason behind what you want to do, why you want to do it as well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So therefore, I know this job hunting process is very challenging and sometimes out of control. As I said earlier, AI is replacing jobs, not just Pm, software engineer from Mit couldn't earn a job. It's like blew my mind from Stanford mit like crazy. Okay? So
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: when market wasn't doing well
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: when you face challenges or objections, go back and find your own role models, deep jobs, whatever. Find a name, and ask yourself, what would
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this person do? Your answer will be very straightforward, very simple. Lots of time is a mindset
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that help hold you back. Not you don't know the right strategies. Okay, if you don't know the right strategies, what to say in the interviews. Resume all of these.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Please come to my team. Come to me to my office hours. We'll we're more than happy to help you out. That's why we schedule weekly daily mock interviews to help you guys out. I have full team supporting you. All right. So therefore find role models. And whenever you see challenges, just
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: ask this important question, what would she or he do? Okay, then you have a very, you answer very clear. And then all the strategies and execution practical part come to me and all the mindset. I want you to find your role models.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and it is going to help you to stay strong in this, every channel. Okay, cool. So now let's continue. And we do have a referral program. And we believe the best program in the industry. We do see a lot of alumni always refer their friends here. So if you refer, any friend, your friend got additional $20 discount, and you can exchange it for one-on-one coaching or
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Amazon gift card or additional one year. Kajabi access after you. Land a job. Okay? Cool, all right. And Aipm bookcam currently for Pma kids is ongoing right now. If you want to continue volunteer and reach out to Karen at Pmsrio, we currently have, I think, have 5 mentors teaching Pma Aipm book and kids for free right now. So reach out to them. And so now let's do this case interviews as I mentioned earlier.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'll send this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: all the interview questions being asked by these type of companies. And today I'm going to go through this modified circles framework
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: very critical. I want to. I want to emphasize modified circles framework. I invented many framework, and this specific framework is modified circles, framework. Okay? And I also recorded
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the new video of me reading through the slides. Okay, so make sure you watch the Prep training before and after this live training of me, reading through the slides which I'm showing you right now. Okay, it's very effective. Once you start to implement our strategies. So today we do live cases, the way we do it is let me do this. Let me use 30 seconds and show you, what do I mean by modified circles framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then we just apply this framework and directly go into the case. Interview today. Original. This is a circles framework, for I lose Lynn like over 10 years ago, but I modified it to reflect on today's ever-changing job market right now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. And also help you how to answer questions much faster and think about things much faster instead of just going freestyle. Okay? So so now go through this in 30 seconds.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Comprehend situation straightforward what it's about. But when you comprehend the situation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: understand the current mission of company, and how we like to the current situation. Such a covid or post covid right now, or post covid or inflation right now where we have inflation. And also right now, like AI replacing jobs.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 25% of jobs replaced last year for the entry level job. Senior. Pm, non. Pm, any kind of senior jobs right now. They're going through a rework and layoff right now. It is a competition everywhere, right now. So you can think about. Of course.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that's a job, honey market. Right? So if you do a case regarding, let's say, grocery design grocery store. This also matter interview, question, design a grocery store as an example. Right? And you talk about inflation price going up right? So talk about the current situation you're in.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Emphasize the customers and talk about. Oh, yeah, groceries. No wonder we need to redesign grocery store so expensive going grocery shopping nowadays, and like inflation is high and interest rate is high, there's and then when you go to grocery stores, you can mention several challenges as customers, for example, hard to find
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: things, and then also, like maybe price comparison, and some of the the new needs that customers has as well so high level, comprehensive situation all right, and then feel free to ask clarifying questions. Now let me let me emphasize. Current questions are scoping question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But all is this, for international market or us? Market is is all of the. You can make a scoping question. The Korean Fan question anything you want to ask. The interviewer can go here, but you cannot ask the interviewer to solve the case for you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or may create. Okay, what do I mean? Do not ask your customer. Oh, design the grocery store. Do you want to design it? For.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like a urban grocery store or high-end grocery store like a whole foods. What type of grocery store you want to design? No, no, no, no, do not ask the question. It's part of your customer segmentation, which is here
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: next part from identify customers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so don't ask them to solve the case for you, because next step you need to go through the identified customer. But identify customer here means customer segmentation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? And then we'll also go through 2 set, 2 set of market place framework. We identify customers very straightforward, which means
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: any things microphone. But use the easy one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Uber Uber has uber riders, uber driver drivers, riders, 2 side marketplace microphone, 2 sides. Me speaker, you listener.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 99% product had 2 sides.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, 1% chance may not be. But just just, I guarantee you, 99% chance something on product has 2 side marketplace. Okay, so which I have this I give in in the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: prep training. I believe that's
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 20 min. Video goes through this in depth. Here, I just give you a quick overview because I want to solve case together in case not everybody watch prep training. Okay? So and then to summarine rays, watch this. I explain more different examples. So to set marketplace and sub customer segmentation and 2 sides
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: after 2 sides. Say, microphone speakers and listeners, what type of speakers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what type of listeners? And you can continue to sub customer segmentation. And then you can't prioritize. So now I want to highlight important things.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cut prioritization. I gave you the framework here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You must stick to the framework, feel free to add additional things to the framework, but do not eliminate things on the framework for them. I gave you 3 things in the framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can add 4 things, the 5th one, the 4th one, the 5th one to the framework, to prioritize your customers. But do not be oh, we should remove urgency. We should remove impact. I'm sorry you got to include these 3 things. Okay, prioritization, including impact as market urgency. And then in the prep training, I have definition.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This definition is the exact things you need to say during the interviews
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this week. Copy paste. This will say the exact same thing. You will pass. People ask, what do you mean by impact? Oh, means which I show you on the slides? Okay. Now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then you continue cut prioritize your oops. Hold on, why have 2 sides? Okay? By the way, high level.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you cut prioritize twice. One is highest level customer segmentation. Let's say you did not make a phone.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do you design for speaker like me, or design for listener like you?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So you pick one side, 1st using impact as market urgency.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, then you do subcustomer segmentation prioritization
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for the site marketplace. You select it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You prioritize twice within customer segmentation because we're sub customer segmentation. Okay? Then
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: report customer needs which is listing your needs and pain. Point usually interview 3 is a golden number. During the interview. You need to give me 3 good ones.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You have 2. Try to have 3.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you have 10, it's not necessary. Try to have 3 or 5, you know. If you do have 5, you can keep 5. Okay, I just tell you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 3 is golden number during the interviews. Okay? And then you prioritize your needs urgencies using the new framework called pen level size, opportunity urgency, and I have description here in the slides and also in the prep. Training. All right, and then list your solutions, one to 3 again, 3 is a golden number in the interview. One or 3 should be moonshot idea if you go for Google.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But if you do not go for Google, you are not required to have moonshot id.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But nowadays, almost by default, the moonshot idea is something related to AI. To be frank, so almost everybody can create moonshot idea nowadays, because it's like this is a shortcut to it. Okay? And then you do the estimating trade-off for all your 3 ideas. Solution 1, 2, 3, and then I give you framework here as well. Effectiveness.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: engineering effort, ease of implementation, risk. And I have another slide detailing what's what each means. And all of these users doing interview, and again feel free to add more things to it. Let's say you do self-driving car company. You can add safety, standard or regulation
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as one of the like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right as one of the trade-offs of your different solutions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because self-driving car regulation right? So you can add more to this thing if you want to, but do not remove things from the framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, add more, feel free to do so, but it depends on the case. But this, this the framework covers 80% of those cases out there. Okay? And if I go to interview, I'm going to stick to my framework without even adding new things to it, because this can almost solve all different cases anyway.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All right. And but for people want to modify, I don't want to constrain you. Okay? So that's why give you room to play with it. But do not. Do not remove this. You can add more if you want to, and then you finally save some time, maybe one or 2 min into. We're going to have you to design Mvp.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I suggest people to use the fastest way to join Mep on piece of paper. I've experimented this before. If you do a piece of paper, it's like, Oh, what does it look like? A microphone. I draw a picture microphone whatever, but a new microphone whatever, and stick to the screen, to the interviewer it's much faster.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then you do something. Fancy figma like no, as I mentioned nowadays, the trend is, they do 3 framework within 1, 45 min interview, but not all of them some companies.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and started doing 3 framework. It's like crazy, too much going on. So I'm not. Not only I want to teach you guys to solve the case, but also want you to be smart
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: efficient. Say the right thing in the interview, so that you can pass interview faster in case they give you 3 cases. Okay. So now let's do this together oops those. I also have prep training. We're going to help you stand out. That's a prep training. Please make sure to watch this all different things. I have pre-recorded, difficult mistakes. I pre-recorded training as well. All of these. We have done all those cases before.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. All those different different case, different case work from home disabilities, all like all possible things. Today, we do travel.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: design and travel app for Facebook. Do this one. So let me show my, where is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: discussion? Let me do this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so everybody go here and go to office hour Sunday right here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Alright, you're able to see all our homework here. Okay, so my ta is going to post all those reminders. What we teach on Sunday office hours to check the case, study questions ahead of time
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and think about it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Think about ahead of time. Okay. By the way, each of those cases we pick is in the case. Interview library, that 2,000 case interview libraries in your module. 2.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay for fan interview. There's so many different interview questions also based on real interview questions from like Meta. So they ask you design travel for Facebook. All the cases are real things. I don't make up random cases. Okay, so this is what they have asked in the past. And also travel is something very fun nowadays. Okay, so a lot of people like to design the travel app in general. Okay? So now and then you should think about your answers ahead of time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like people already submitted the homework. Think about it. There's no right or wrong answer. There is a right answer. To be frank.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: when you do homework you won't be judged in terms of you didn't give me right answers. It's okay. But that's why here to learn. Okay. But once you think about ahead of time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, it's going to help you to get the juices flowing. Think about it, so that you know what part of your answers is not as good when we teach this live case together, and then I can also provide live feedback regarding any important teaching moment
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we can learn together, because some, sometimes some mistakes from from other people is something quite interesting that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: could be a typical mistake, a teaching moment for everybody to learn together. Okay, cool. So now let me do this same drill. We have been doing this for almost a year. I'm very happy about regarding the new process. Let me show you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me go to the teaching, Google, Doc. Everyone get access to it. Let me bring it up.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Did you know teaching us copy paste
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and teaching? No?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, okay, you can. You guys can see my screen right now. Okay, cool. And
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: all these, all these
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: are literally correct. Answer. If you say, Well, whatever we do in those notes, you pass the interview, I guarantee you. Okay. So all of you guys have access to this my team. Each time we'll finish teaching my team. Let's ready. If we're gonna open AI one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: they will copy paste and also turn it into Pdf download
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and put it in your course portal called Kajabi. It's a white label solution. It was a front end. Pmsr, oh, okay, back end is Kajabi. Same thing. It's a login. Okay, once you log in, you will see all the cases and my team copy paste everything there, and also turn the Pdf. For you to download as well. You got everything here. You got access to it as well. So now let me do it. And today, and let me do a link.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So the error bridge can't access as well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Module 5.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Today's day is oh, 7, 13th
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cool. Let me make it accessible by everybody.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I also need viewer editor.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Everyone is editor. Let me copy paste. Everyone is editor, print office. Our channel. Everyone has access to this?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, yeah. Meta could just acquired air travel, air travel is our portfolio company. Yeah. Meta, do you guys see the the crazy drama.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Meta trying to drama. Okay, it's drama
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: matter trying to pay Openai employee for 100 million dollars in salary was like freaking stupid. But anyway, so so that they don't need to buy a business. They can just
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: move employees to the new company. Crazy stuff! Yes, you can. You can do that as well cool. But anyone keep link here and you can get access to the same
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: thing. Everyone can get access to here. Okay, cool. All right. So now I need 2 tas.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So you're going to take notes. So last time we teach Openai case.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think I want to teach this again. It's a it's a fun case. Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Last November, when we talk open that case, it looks like this. Okay, so
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I need ta, taking notes. All those notes taken by Ta, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I need 2 tas, and basically, I can focus on teaching. And you guys take notes. I mean taking notes, the purpose of the benefit being a ta is that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you will remember 90% will teach you one week from now, if you do not take any notes through today's training, you just listen to it. You will forget 90% one week from now. It's science-based data. It's not just me. Okay. So you therefore just need to take notes. So who want to be on ta, why need 2 primary tas? So basically, you write important things I talk about.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But anyone else can add more things to the sheet. Because this is you guys, I don't edit any of notes. Okay? Then we download copy paste to a course portal and turn the Pdf, anything you want to remind yourself when you read it again is something you need to write.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: raise a hand if I want to be my ta, so, but similar to Openai stuff. But we're doing this for for this. Okay, raise a hand who want to be my ta
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Now hence let me pick someone.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Nasibia nasiba, can you be? Nta.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hello.
Nassiba Rehan: Hi, yeah.
Nassiba Rehan: Hi, there.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah. Can you be on ta Nasiba.
Nassiba Rehan: Sorry I missed you. I'm actually in Dubai right now. So I
Nassiba Rehan: no, no, I'm actually in Dubai. It's like 4 am. In the morning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, oh, oh, oh, okay! No!
Nassiba Rehan: I am just trying to stay mute because the family is sleeping. But I didn't want to miss the class.
Nassiba Rehan: Okay, great dedication.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Great dedication. No, I want people to take. I'll be my ta are you able to be my ta
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: take notes.
Nassiba Rehan: I can take notes, but
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But you can speak right? It's okay. It's fine. As long as you stay online as long as stay online the whole time. It's fine. Yeah, why don't you be my ta. So basically, when you write stuff you don't need to speak. I just need to take notes similar to what we did for Openai case.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But these are real open case questions feel free to watch this. Or you guys can read the notes. If you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, no problem. Let me pick. Yeah, no problem. Let me let me see. Let me see who can be my ta.
Tung Vu: Dr. Nancy. I can do it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Come! Who? Who? Oh, oh, trump! Perfect! Okay.
Tung Vu: Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool, cool, cool, and pick someone else. I need 2. Ta, just in case I speak too fast.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me see. Who else can you be my ta.
Ananya Misra: Yeah, sure.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. Okay? So basically, you guys just get here and start typing straightforward copy paste just like open names. Same thing process, then copy paste.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then and then almost everything is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: similar. I'm going to put the Openai thing here
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so that you can see what the difference is. Very, very straightforward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, just so. You know what to look like, but it's just taking notes, very straightforward. Make sure. Let me let me help you add my logo. I think that's important. Part
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: copy on my logo here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Ow, I messed up stuff.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: maybe who might know what we're about? How do people my logo, you know.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't know. How does it work.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: anyway? We'll figure out logo earlier on. So you guys help me out. Okay, with all the logo stuff. Let me
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: holiday to it. Why, I don't even know how to add my own logo, this one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Sorry. I mean, you guys figure out, okay, this is blocking stuff. I I'll leave it to you guys.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, to do too too much, too much disturbance. Okay, so now let me.
Mun Chet: Oh, I just put on the header for you. Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, oh, thank you. So then you can delete whatever. So I'm not going to type anything moving forward. So you guys continue all right? So do this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cool, cool, cool. Yeah, same. So let's do this together. Let's solve this case. Oh, at the same time, let me
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me make quick comment regarding any important learning we can have based on students pre-submitted questions. So let me am I sharing the right screen? I'm saying.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: be home there, there's some.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Am I seeing the right discourse.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: am I.
Mun Chet: You're in the correct one. You just gotta scroll down.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I have.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So I am on the racing. Okay, cool. Okay. So now, quick
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: feedback based on, let me see any quick learning moment catch a different type of challenge. This is good high level, this is good. Who's who did this? Grace? Good job?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me see, Jenna. By the way, I'm only picking up learning moment.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If most are correct. I'm not going to make comment because we want to solve the case together.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Good!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I see most like I could write
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: trump occasional travelers. Is not
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: a good way to describe traveler.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The reason is, if we use frequency to do customer segmentation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It doesn't tell the true reason why it is occasional.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Well, ta, take notes here. Okay, so notes, when when we do customer segmentation is important to do to ask yourself 2 questions, which is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: why and who
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? So let's say, let's use other example. Tourists who are tourists travel. Straightforward! Why? Why they they they travel. Oh, they want to see places straightforward. Right? So now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: customer segmentation, who? Occasional traveler?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why do occasional travelers travel.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: There's no straightforward answers, right? Because there are no needs. They they're on budget
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or places I want to go is usually nearby, so no need to travel far. The many different things not obvious, right? Not obvious. Why? Why occasional traveler need to travel, but Tour is straightforward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They want to go places. They need to travel. They book a flight very fun things to do like straightforward. So we cannot have something like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: ambiguous when you, when you put the statement of your sub-customer segmentation. So therefore, do not do occasional travelers. Okay, I hope ta took some good notes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. By the way, the way we do it is my ta. If you see one person typing
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: on one thing, you can type the next thing.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So you guys like, because I speak very fast.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So maybe he's finishing one statement. You can write the next statement so that we can capture everything. Okay, is this recording very cool
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as a as a teaching moment, the rest very straightforward. Different service problems, tourist rental cars, all of these the airline. Let me see, since you have. Your
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: agents are good. I think, high level, you guys, you guys get it right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: High level, you guys get it right? Me do this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, so no, let's let's
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me. I might. I'm just I had too many tabs open. Confuse me. Okay, cool. All right.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in how people get right. So let's go through the framework very quickly together. Number one thing.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let's comprehend situation. This is, say, sign notes. Okay? So we start when when if people ask you the question, design a trial app for Facebook, next part.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: comprehensive situation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: When you comprehend situation as I mentioned, mainly focus on 2 things.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: actually 3 things in China. Number one. Mention of company number 2. Current situation. Inflation, like all these things, are expensive, all post-covid.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think. Post Covid triggered. The growth of travel?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then the 3rd thing, you can talk about
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: examples of challenges that why, you think
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we need to still to design a travel app today, what's missing?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? So let me
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me give you a specific example. What would I say during the interview? Ta, take notes. I'm going to say, really fast.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you ask me the question, I'll be like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: great question. By the way, it doesn't matter. Interview, question the central platform for Facebook. They asked this question before. Okay? And
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: he's asking me a question. I said, Oh, great! Thank you for the question. Let me let me see through this. 1st of all.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let me understand. The mission of Meta, based on my understanding, is is to create a using tools to create a community together
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so that people are getting closer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in the current situation I can see there's lots of demand of travel, because we just had, like 3 years lockdown of Covid. And now nowadays the 3rd surge demand of travel. At the same time, we're also going through very interesting stage of the economy. We're also experiencing inflation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So which also means that currently the travelers are still facing a lot of like challenges, for example, could be
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: higher demand and also of traveling. However, misorganization in terms of travel schedule. We have been hearing more and more like flight accidents. I see you guys know what I'm talking about. More and more flight, accident or flight delay, and, like fly impacted by other things that leading to like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: unhappy experience for travel and the travel industry is also going through lots of stress.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They try to serve the customer well, but lots of things out of their control, such as higher demand or engine issue, logistic issue that leading to a lot of like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: delay of flight and challenges. This is just one thing. There's also lots of changes in terms of
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the travel and everything, and hotels become more and more expensive. People also trying to figure out what's the best way. They're still able to travel and enjoy their time in the new destination as well. So therefore, I do see there is a great need for us to revisit, to look into what we can do to create a better like a travel app experience. And today for Facebook users
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and them after you said that.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you also say something in terms of now, here is my assumption, I assume, given what I said earlier, I assume. Oh, by the way, I also want to say so, therefore, and also creating a travel app is also meeting the mission of Facebook
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that we're able to create, connecting people with different locations and help them get closer through culture and people. Experience of creating a better community throughout the entire world in terms of travel, culture, and definitely in alignment with the mission of the company. As we continue to solve the case. I do have several assumptions, and number one, I assume the goal of
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: us creating this app is mainly focused on the best customer experience. Designing travel app. The main mission is not to optimize the revenue.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for now, of course, we're always trying to generate as much revenue as possible, but when we design this, we want to focus on creating the best
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: experience for the travel app is this assumption? Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm going to ask the interviewer.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? And then I'm also going to say the next thing if the interview might. Yeah, it's okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're not focusing on optimizing revenue. Right now, we just want to create the best travel app to serve our customers at this moment. Okay, good to know as example. And then I will say, well, with with all those assumptions, my understanding of the case right now. Is there anything I missed
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and ask, interface anything I missed?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Always stay your assumptions, and and as
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as much as you want, and then always ask, Is there anything I missed?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The interviewer? This is very critical.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, why, we lay out these kind of conversation
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in the interview. Is this number one?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They want to hear you talking about mission of the company. This is, I guess I just know I have student, many students working for Meta right now. They are going through the same experience they love to hear. Oh, you were for Meta, all of these. They love you, hearing people talking about Meta's mission straightforward, and then also connecting with the current economy all of these, and then connect back the mission. Okay, so straightforward. And then I also why I also put assumptions in terms of.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we're mainly focused on creating the best travel app experience for product, not just optimizing the revenue as one of the like main goal. The reason is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: if you optimize revenue, the way you design it will be different.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, or at least at this moment, when we design this, want to create the best product. For now we'll talk about revenue later, instead of our number one priority is to optimize revenue as much as possible.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that that will lead the design and then lead to different prioritization. If an optimize revenue, probably you want to go for someone who can pay you right away. As example
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is that average people who want to save money on travel as example.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So the the intent.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Austain. Those assumptions ahead of time is very critical. So therefore, the goal is to create the best travel app experience, not just optimize revenue, so to say, make it very clear upfront, because it's going to
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: put you on very different track in terms of customers, customer prioritization and solution and everything. If you focus on revenue is very different from best experience. Okay? And then, especially in big tech company nowadays.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The entire strategy is, you know, you know, Meta's business model sell ads
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as team's goal is to make as much money as possible.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Straightforward, however.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: all other Pm's in Meta is trying to increase people's experience and have high, like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like daily active users, and also have high like, how to describe what Youtube watch time, Facebook probably have, like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: app time, how much time people spend on the app, the more time, the better. So they have better experience. Get you hooked?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So so if you're hired, let's say Facebook does have a travel app, right? If you hire a travel, app prompt manager, you go is, get people hooked
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then your ads team start turning on ads.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? So therefore, we like to clarify upfront.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, cool. So that will say, to comprehend situation, upfront and then feel free to ask any other scoping claim question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: For example, you can ask, oh, it is like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: any kind of pressure. I don't even know.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It is for global market Us. Market. You can. You can ask anything moving forward from now on any kind of assumptions you guys have. Okay, let me let me do this. Let me take. I'm going to take Jenna's questions later, but I want people to ask me any questions. Clarifying questions you have in your mind. Assuming I'm the interviewer. What question do you have
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to clarify your mind? So that we can move on to design the app, well, identify customers and pain point design the app. Okay, any other clarifying questions you guys have for me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for interviewer.
Tung Vu: Oh.
Tung Vu: I don't know how to raise hands here, for some reason there's no ui, but I was trying to get I would probably ask, is it is this the integrated?
Tung Vu: If if the travel app is integrated as part of the Facebook app, or it's a separate
Tung Vu: entirely app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Good question. You can ask this question in the interview as long as anything scoping question can ask. Okay, just don't ask them to design it for you. If I were the interviewer. If I'm the interviewer, I'm going to respond, saying that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's up to you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you can make a standalone app or you make it integrated within Facebook. I leave it to you. Whatever is the best to achieve our goal, we should create the best travel
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: experience. I leave it to you. You can decide.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, interview. Feel free to ask the question. Interviewer will respond this way, but at least I will respond this way.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: More likely interview is going to give you very open-ended directions. Oh, after you, whatever can hit the goal, best experience, whatever you want to do.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, and just get it. More likely they're going to tell you whatever you want to do. But it is is a very legit question to ask.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool anyone, have any claim question. Clear, refined questions want to ask me.
Jana Jiang: I. I have 2 questions. One of the question is about clarification questions. One of my clarification question is that when I say this case, I kind of feel like the biggest strength of Mita. To developing the travel app is to actually create helping helping people to find the travel mates like travel, Buddy, because they already have so many users, and they already have so many services.
Jana Jiang: And instead of just launching a travel app like just
Jana Jiang: like expedia and all other app on the market. Already. The biggest strength is that they could have. People organize their own group on the, on the on the page, on the product, helping people find mates. That's something other platform doesn't have. And Meta can leverage their specialty. So so my clarification would be probably about the competition, about the scoping that
Jana Jiang: do you see? This app is more for people to find travel body, or it's
Jana Jiang: it's more pro providing services. I'm not sure if this is a good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Wrong question to ask. Ta take notes
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The reason this is a wrong question to ask is that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this is based on the pain point of customers. Right.
Jana Jiang: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And also based on prioritization on Pain Point.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So therefore you shouldn't even ask, and I wouldn't even answer. Leave it to you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: whatever the goal is assumption. We said earlier and best travel app experience in Korea for people. That's it. Right? Yes, so wrong question to ask, even if you ask? I won't tell you. I'd rather not to ask, because you're asking the interview to solve case for you.
Jana Jiang: Got it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, what other question you have Jenna camera on, if possible. Anyone, if possible. Camera. Okay.
Jana Jiang: Yeah, another question, is it just high level on the on the mission? You're talking about that? You're mentioning that Facebook like to hear people talking about their mission. So I'm just wondering in other cases that in the Facebook interview they want you to be Pm. For Microsoft and want you to Pm. To zoom. So in that case, should we also talk about the mission because
Jana Jiang: they could be random company, and you don't have all the mission by your hand to just talk about the mission.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? So
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: yes, if they, if they were the design open table. This, I think the information open table something. By the way all these questions are in module 2
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: module to resources. They say, all of the everybody. If you're new, you should learn how to do it, find those resources. By the way, the best way to do it is, do a search. We turn on search, bar this new feature for Kajabi, for a white label solution. Back in Kajabi search bar. You can just put interview questions, database as example. You can find it. Okay, straightforward. But the thing is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what I would focus on
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: different type of Company's mission. Not just matters, mission. Let's say they will ask you a question. You will. You will see there was an open table design, something for opentable design, something for zoom design, something for all of the economy. Talk about those companies, Mission.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: not Manor's mission. So now here comes the challenge. What if open tables?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And I personally never use opentable. But we are all super user of zoom. Right? So let's say opentable. Never use it before
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you try your best, you guess.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, Nancy, design a better experience for a open table type, app helping people to book rooms or tables on the in restaurants.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'll say, hmm, I assume the mission of opentable is, let me guess. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the mission opentable is creating the most enjoyable restaurants experience for people to enjoy
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: their meals by finding the right spot for them and also removing restaurants, headache of operations
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in terms of reservation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is my assumption
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: with that in mind, why we need to redesign open table. Nowadays, when nowadays post covid inflation, going up, going eating a restaurant so expensive. I will start going. Okay. But I will say, the mission is this, and then here's
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: assumption, this is a mission, and then we'll go through the same framework we'll link link back to the mission is enjoy a better experience for restaurants, and also reduce restaurants operations
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: which which why would design this case can help them to achieve the mission. You try your best, even if you don't know the mission of the company. So now let me see if I guess it correctly when you search right now altogether, but at the same time try your best, using your assumption. If you see of the company, what do you think? Say something nice? Right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Facebook, make people feel good on social media and wrong. Don't say it right.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: closer together. Okay, cool. Sounds better. So say something more positive using assumptions. But you do need to say something.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because if you don't say it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the the bigger direction is off.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Last time, when you prioritize customers, a lot of everything, all the framework will do later. Today
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you will realize that. Oh, you can use mission as a way to argue, this is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the right direction or not for selecting right customer segmentation, customer, pain. Point all of this. So you do need to say something up front
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: at the High Level guideline.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So let me let me see if I guess it correctly. Open table Mission. I think they will say things nicer than what I said.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Open Table Mission. Let's see what the hell
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: leading program for free real-time online reservation. This is about us. What's the Mission Open Table Mission.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why does it?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why, why, AI doesn't give me a
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: omission, why, why, Gemini doesn't give me some reference.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We we love what can happen around restaurant table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Interesting. We love what can happen around the restaurant table?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Interesting.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So weird. But anyway. So if you know this, you can say we love. What can happen around restaurant table?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can also say the plain version, what I described. But open table is this, a lot can happen around the restaurant table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But if I notice, I also elaborate, we love what can happen around rest and table means
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: more enjoyable experience, less headache for restaurants. I was still going to elaborate. Okay, but try your best. Try your best.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, but but just try your best zoom
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like best communication tools ever. If it's a mission. Probably, let's say Zoom's mission, I mean, out of curiosity.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: create the best communication tools connecting world together, frictionless. Now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: video communication frequency similar to what I guessed.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Best communication tool video communication, frictionless. Sounds really cool. High level. Okay, try your best. Okay, cool any other questions or clarifying questions you want to ask me?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, no, for this case. Cool, cool, cool, great. So keep going. Keep going.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Customer segmentation. Hello, ta! It did. Good job taking all the notes. Important. Good question. Anyone.
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah. Dr. Nancy, can you hear me?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, yeah, we shall go ahead. Camera on, if possible.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: When is your Meta interview?
Vishal Bhoir: I had 3 weeks back it didn't went well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm.
Vishal Bhoir: Yep. So there were 2 case. The analytics case was a design
Vishal Bhoir: no, not design. But what do you think about the notification feature for Facebook.
Vishal Bhoir: That's the analytical question and for design question. It was like design, a Google parking feature for Google Map.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We have, we talked about that case parking?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, I I actually, you know, no one.
Vishal Bhoir: I actually went through point and point, as you thought, in the lecture, and I don't know they didn't give the explanation. Why, it was not.
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah rotation.
Vishal Bhoir: But I know exactly how you got. Yeah, each and every one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If they ask you, what do you think? The notification features of Facebook or Instagram? Facebook.
Vishal Bhoir: Facebook.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay notification of Facebook. And then you should go through. What do you think? The mission, the North Star Metrics of
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: notification? And how is the notification features is serving the purpose of the North Side metrics and same thing as the yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and also the mission of Facebook as a whole, which is longer time spending on the app something like that.
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah, I, timing session officers can walk you through.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm.
Vishal Bhoir: I was just wondering, like, you know, you're you're taking a different feature or different app for Meta or Google, Youtube, like, right? If one day you can take Facebook as an app
Vishal Bhoir: and adding a feature as a case, right? That will give a high level of the company. For example, Facebook for Google, for I mean Youtube for Google like that.
Vishal Bhoir: It will. Helpful, you know, because they they have been asking this kind of question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't understand. Your question is, or your statement. Are you saying that we do a case about Facebook app.
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: How to improve Facebook. App.
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah. So like, if you are a Pm for a notification feature for Facebook, what do you do?
Vishal Bhoir: I like those?
Vishal Bhoir: Because they have been asking those kind of questions a lot.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay. And regarding this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Take notes, take notes next next case.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: if you are the Noti, if you are the Pm. For notification of Facebook, what would you do.
Vishal Bhoir: Analytical, Analytical.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Is this, what would you do
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: not design? The question is, what would you do.
Vishal Bhoir: No, no, this is like analytical question. So you are a Pm. For notification. Bell icon in Facebook. How do you improve.
Vishal Bhoir: or what do you do for it's an analytical question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, yeah, we can do this case.
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah, next time. Yeah. So so regarding today's case, my question was, when when we have to comprehend right, the 3 elements which we have to focus is the mission. The second is the current situation, and 3rd is the missing part. Right? So the missing part is basically you have to analyze what
Vishal Bhoir: is there in the market for travel app, and how you will be building the travel app for Meta. Right? So you have to do the comparison. Swag analysis.
Vishal Bhoir: So.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Not not in that extent. That's a high level.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The the this session comprehensive situation in high level. What do you think is is missing? Not not like competitive analysis.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay, so do you think.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hello! You cut off.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Michelle, you cut off.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We shall cut off. Hello!
Vishal Bhoir: Going on.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, you're back. You're back. Oh, what is it? What do you say?
Vishal Bhoir: Yeah. So I was saying, like, do you think, is it a good idea to give them a overview? Why Meta should develop a travel app? Why? Why question.
Vishal Bhoir: or should should Meta develop a travel app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can add it from. You can add it back to the comprehensive situation here.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, you can add it back here. All right. So we have seen a trend. So you should open the case this way for sure.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, can you take notes?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We also have seen a trend in terms of interviewer, might ask you question in terms of why do you think
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Meta should develop a travel app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They may ask you a question like that. Here, take notes under right? Right above. I question
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you always open the case the way we did it
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: always. Okay, because this covers different, the flow is correct, and also within 2 min you open the case and ask all different clinical questions plus assumptions. Now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: they might ask the question, why do you think Meta should have a travel app as example?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So if they ask you this question you should use the Gucci framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And yeah, you should use the Gucci framework up front with within like 3 min.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Because this is a design interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Gucci framework itself is a 45 min interview question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But given, this is a product design interview, not a product strategy interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You need to use Gucci framework, but say it short and concise
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: instead of do a full 45 min, the 45 min you go to Module 8. What you can. You can see the blow up version of 45 min interview right? So now, given a design interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If if they ask you, why would Meta develop the the the travel app!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You start with the same thing.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Ghost Mission Company. I matter. Bring like closer together, right? And then customer segmentation on my needs, and then hype, but adhere.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I will leave customer segmentation in the I session framework
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I will just describe in terms of well, there's so many different people doing like travel right now. They're the leisure travel, the business travel different kind of travelers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: high level. But I will immediately jump into different kind of like unmet needs right now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: which is the same thing as opening simulator here, which is right now, we can see in a high level. There are lots of inflation. People want to travel, and lots of like operation of airplanes are getting worse and worse nowadays, at least in my fewer data set. Okay, you know the airplane job nowadays from the sky. And there's a lot of travel delay
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for the for the flight
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I've experienced. Okay, not everybody. I maybe they're always travel delay. Okay, but but for my
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: my flights, my friend's flights, I heard those travel delay a lot as example. Right? So those are the high level on my needs right now and then. You talk about competition
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: now. The the clearly! There are huge amenities. And out there lots of lots of problem to be solved.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And you also make it clear later session. In the case, I'm going to do a deep dive regarding different kind of amenities here now, just in a high level regarding what the typical type of Amenis I can think of, and that can link back to. Why clearly the huge Amenis huge gap in the travel industry right now. Even it has kind of it's mature for a while, but a huge problem nowadays.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then regarding competition in the space. Right now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you need to mention specifically what are the high level competition you know about
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? And now the in the competition space with. Why, Meta, look into the space you can talk about. Well, nowadays
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you can think about what matters goal is creating better communities.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Currently, we already have our strengths in terms of like customer data.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And our competitor, our Meta's true competitor, is actually like Google, who run ads
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: these kind of like a fan companies and also competing with Tiktok. That's our own competition, plus. There's other people who say, like expedia.com. All those kind of existing airline companies. Right now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: these are our competition. And also Meta is also competing with all the AI companies.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because we have our like open source AI model.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and which also lead to like competing with Openai, all those high level, like AI companies.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Now, with all those information together.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: by the way, the we, and then we also have our own strengths, which is we. We actually have data which integrate ecosystem, which is our strengths. Go to. I,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in. We have data for all our like users. Right now, people use Instagram if even if most people don't use Facebook in the Us. But people still use Instagram.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All right. We have all the all, the all the data from our customers, all the usage, and we have our own large language model. And so, therefore, so creating. That's your conclusion.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: creating the the leveraging, creating like a travel app. On one hand.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we're able to solve real, urgent needs, urgent unmet needs in the travel industry.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: On the other hand, we also are going to increase the engagement and the stickiness of people using Facebook
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: app given currency. Not at least in the Us. Lots of people do not use Facebook
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as much as before. So it's another way for us to drive bigger and better user engagement for the app that has been declining for a while.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: On the other hand, as we can see the rise of AI, and actually the like AI travel agent, all those kind of like AI type of related features has been like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: widely talked about
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and easier to develop in terms of AI travel agent nowadays. So this is almost like lower hanging fruit for us to quickly gain users
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for our app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And once I have even more users, we can maybe continuously leveraging their data to even train our AI model and have more and more people leveraging and using our AI product. So therefore, this specific product is leveraging a strategic initiative where Meta as a company can tap, into
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: which in summary is AI, and also all the like social engagement
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and gaining data after user for
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Facebook, which is the declining app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So this is something. What would I say in the interview?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so basically, you understand what what just happened? You run the Gucci variable quickly.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then you give them your rationale. Why, we need to create the travel app for Facebook.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The power cushion framework is, give you the the source to create a strategy. Fast wishes I describe here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Does it make sense to everybody straightforward?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You see the power of Gucci one. By the way, Gucci burn is module A. All my senior Pm. Need to go to module a 1st learning about the Gucci framework. If you're new, this is the 1st time exposing you to Gucci Framework, you can go to Module a first.st This is just as I mentioned nowadays, the interviews we have seen in 45 min, and they ask you to use somehow. They want you to use 3 frameworks.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, if they ask you why this question upfront is Gucci framework plus modified service framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But you I want to understand. It's very fast. See how fast I just run through the framework quickly.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then go back to answer the question. You shouldn't directly just answer question. Why do you think Meta should have trouble? App?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You guys probably will go to Jenna's track, which is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: oh, other people are just booking apps. We have social media. So we can drive more user engagement. And if you go for that route, you forgot. AI,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? So if you run the Gucci framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It will give you the answer
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it would take. Oh, what what would you compete?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We compete for? AI. We compete for social media. 2 things will compete
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: social media declining for Facebook. I'm sorry it's true.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: A. I.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And we're not on number one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Clearly. Well, we're kind of in the middle, you know, coming in. But we have users.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, we have users. We have. Okay. AI, hey, AI, we have decline. Yeah, 3 things.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What do we do? Why, we do travel. Ha, ha! Connecting all the 3 things.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and we have unmet needs for travel. And then the 3 things we do in the company travel app can hit all 3.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Make sense to you guys, and you link them so well together.
Vishal Bhoir: Dr. Nancy, if they ask like why don't we build e-commerce platform for Meta rather than travel app.
Vishal Bhoir: Because if you see the unmet need of the market situation. People are more tend to use the e-commerce platform right? Rather than travel app. So do we need to go go deep into the statistics of you know how many actually needs travel apps than the e-commerce.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No.
Vishal Bhoir: Because you are.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Digging a hole for yourself.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right today to talk about travel, app you only about the travel travel app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You don't need to sell the so the number of travel people. Number of people using travel app is smaller than the number of people doing e-commerce, which is kind of true.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So therefore, we need to go for e-commerce kind of weird
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? So so I would stick to travel app without raising the numbers of
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: other things will have higher volume than travel. App.
Vishal Bhoir: because because you saw the strategy. Tiktok use right, so they first, st target the social media platform tiktok.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay.
Vishal Bhoir: And then they smoothly move to the e-commerce to compete with Amazon. Right? That's their strategy.
Vishal Bhoir: And if you see their target for this year. Next year. Right? They wants to become more on the top rank.
Vishal Bhoir: Then Amazon. That's their target for this year. So if Meta follows the same thing because they used to
Vishal Bhoir: Mera. Did they failed?
Vishal Bhoir: Default? Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We talk about the the same case Tiktok shopping last week Meta had the same strategy. They failed. They Meta have Meta shopping something. Yeah, they have meta shopping
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: before I tried to register, and myself. They reject me as a as a whatever store owner.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Over there, so metashopping itself. When they try to do it, they failed.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, it's not. They don't have the strategy. They're failing execution.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They failed already. I just watched last week's case when I talk about Tiktok shopping where I link back to metashopping
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that fell big time in square shopping. Sorry not management in square shopping.
Vishal Bhoir: The very big time. Okay, cool. So therefore, we're going to any case.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Stick to this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do not dig a hole for yourself to jump into something else. You're not prepared.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? Okay. Okay. Do not take a hold. Just stick to this. You will pass. Interview.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay,
Vishal Bhoir: And Nancy last week there was no class right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No? Oh, I mean last time, when Teach would say, module, 4, module, 4.
Vishal Bhoir: Okay. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Module. Go to Module 4 Tiktok shopping.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: keep going. Okay, speed speed. Everybody speed. Keep going. Customer segmentation. Okay, okay, cool. Cool. So now let's quickly do customer segmentation very straightforward. You guys have a lot lots of correct answers. Actually,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: many of you guys get get ring, get it right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: traveler, business traveler, legal travel, niche, traveler, straightforward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: all right. So copy paste. And this is, let's just save time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is right. Answer for right answer, ta, you copy paste, because each time we do things I messed up your format. This is a great answer. Okay, so sorry. Before we do this. Let's do highest customer segmentation before we do. Sub customer segmentation very straightforward. So it's travel two-sided marketplace, highest level
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: travelers, travelers, straightforward service providers
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: when you travel. You and me travel for many different reasons for business, for fun, for many different things, anything you can imagine. Travel.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We travel. We are travelers, but they are service providers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: very straightforward, right service provider could improve many things, restaurants, airplane company travel, agency, public transportation. It can work like many different things, but in the highest level travelers, service providers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? Then you can do something called 3rd party.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All the 3rd parties, everything else, the two-sided marketplace where everything else. Go to 3rd parties.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All right, high level. Have this. But I have more things. I want to add to what she had. All right, 1st of all for travelers as in for travelers, subcustomer segmentation for travelers. It's fine. I think she got it right on people copy taking. Yeah. Great, cool, cool. Yeah, exactly cool. Yes, high level. She got it right. Businesses, leisure and niche.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so niche, including up with kids disabilities. It's something special, you know, all these like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: leisure for fun.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think lots of us is that we have a vacation coming out usually. For this reason you and me travel right
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then for businesses.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: straightforward, you guys know. Okay for fun, for businesses or a little bit niche, something like unique special with kids or disability. Sometimes for medical reasons.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and it uses like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: injured. You need to see a doctors. Many other reasons. Okay, basically, all those niche special things. But usually people travel for 2 main reasons, right? So sub customers, segmentation is here right cool. So therefore, back to what Trump said trunk. Originally you said occasional travel. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: tourist, I seem straightforward equals to for leisure tourist leisure. I think the same category, right? Business travel. You get right now. Occasional occasional travelers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do you mean? I think now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: your occasional problem could be, people travel for fun is also occasional. Make sense to you guys.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So so so therefore we don't segment it just for frequency only if the frequency represent
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the reason right? So right now, what you had, occasional traveler doesn't represent the reason, but we prefer to make it like leisure.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Usual leisure is, say, once, twice per year, travel like for fun, like something like that. Right? So so that's the reason we do it this way. And now we do service providers among question.
Mun Chet: Yes, sorry. I don't have a quick question. Sorry this already gone over. For the customer segmentations. Is it always recommended to go like to list as many as you can, or just like 3 typically.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 3 is going to number in the interview. So now to study marketplace, a quick question. Take notes
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to set a marketplace 2 sides.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You're not required to have 3. But if you want to have 3, no problem, you can add, like 3rd parties, the the easiest one is, add 3rd parties as example. If, if it's beyond this 2, you can add 3rd party
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: easy, but but usually 2 sided marketplace is 2 sides. No problem. If a 3rd side, no problem. You have more side marketplace, no problem, but it's based on reality, right? But for sub-customer segmentation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: usually 3 in general.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 3 Guru number in the interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you have 4, no problem, if it's 5, not that bad.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If I'm more than 5, you need to ask yourself, did I?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: use the best way to do sub-customer segmentation?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay for the perfect passing interview?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, it just yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Because there's several smart foods. I mean, you can get like you can make disabilities, you can add.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't know different trouble. So it's a smaller. Add the smaller things right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then maybe maybe all these 3 already group them into here
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and like niche all the niche, group them right? So so, therefore, because we don't want to see like more than 5, I think 5 is a maximum for sub customer segmentation. Even more than 5 is kind of like headache. You probably need to like group them for some reason, but usually 3 is a golden number in the interview. But you can have more if you find it's natural to have more.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, good question tips. Oh, good job taking notes this way. Perfect.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. Where we are right now. travel, we'll talk about traveler service. Oh, we haven't done service provider. Okay, cool. Now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Servicing. She had a service provider is very straightforward, like, basically the travel agency booking.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? All those like hotels, restaurants.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: straightforward right now, airlines, I think. Airlines very important
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: service providers. Very important, totally right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and are we through the airlines? I think rental cars are great.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hotels, I I will put
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: airlines, not just police self-run businesses.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because they're kind of bigger than different kind of restaurants, right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Without planes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: How do you travel
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so I would just move them down here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Travel agencies and airlines. Self-drawn businesses, including all those hotels.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Huh! Huh!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Rental cars you can put here restaurants.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Alright, hmm, all of this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, yeah, sorry. Let me get some water.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'll be right back.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, now, keep going
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right. We also need to have those like destination cities which I really enjoy talking about them, because you travel to where
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: San Francisco to Miami, Miami to Boston. Right Destination City, is also very critical
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as one of the subcustomers like segmentation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If we can group them.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm! I'm saying we are.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We can group the 12 agents. We can group
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we can group all the restaurants
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like rental cars, group event organizer, restaurant tourist, right? Like tour guide right group, all of them. Next to the rental car services, all of them. Let's group them to here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Group them here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: including this event. Oh, yeah. Event organizer, including 2 guys. Okay, yeah basic group. All of them here is more clean.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, we'll group them under something I sell from businesses different kind of like small businesses.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: small. But basically all those like small service businesses, small service businesses.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, restaurants. You can rent a car all these.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you want to guide. All of those basically are the small things and go with together. But we want to
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to the bigger ones like booking
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like travel agency booking very straightforward, right? Airline without yeah, without them you couldn't go to places. Then you have different Destination. City. You can arrive in those places. Destination cities in themselves, including an airport, local transportation. I add here, bracket airport local transportation is all goes here
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? Because you travel to another place, which is also very critical. Altogether. Okay. So now quickly. So let's go to the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the 3rd party, right? So 3rd party could be like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: beyond these group people. So, for example, Janapur, all the government, which is fine. Yeah, which which is true, because all those like government, have, like airport
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: regulations, like different kind of faa, all of those anything armament government altogether right
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in terms of travel, and you can include those travel influencers. They provide information regarding travelers. All these good people advertisers. We are the advertising travel.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You mean people run ads.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't know. There's advertisers online that people don't ask when you book flight.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Maybe it's what.
Tung Vu: I think so. I mean, I don't doubt that that's that's another aspect, right like there must be some advertising. But I think advertising for places like destinations, places, cities, and events or activities. There should be advertised there.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, let's add it there as well. So high level, we're there straightforward. Okay, I think in a high level, we have like,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we have. We have high level things. Correct?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. Okay? So now keep going. Yeah. Advertiser influencer. We repeat twice. Let's do not repeat twice
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: explaining the the government airports and regulations. Yeah. And then you you do them cool. Okay? Let's do. The influencer. Advertisers are.
Mun Chet: Should I just fall under like brand promoters or promoters?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can. You can also put another way to describe promoters. You can. You can all group them on the promoters.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, cool. All right. So now keep going high level. And now next part, we don't do pain. Point first.st Yet we do prioritization for the for the speed.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me copy, paste the table for my ta.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: where is this? Oh.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, so feel free to change the table. But we we don't use. Let me show for the speed of interview as well. We use this table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I was sub customer submitting. We'll do this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I am okay. So now here's what we do. Everyone pay. Ta! Take notes here
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in the prioritization phase given.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the trend is giving you very limited time to do multiple cases. Now you're on your fast speed right when you do fast speed
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: when you prioritize the marketplace with highest level of customer segmentation, don't do a table, but talk about
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: basically talking.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Talk about. Well, 1st of all, let's prioritize different customer segmentations.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 1st of all, we do need prioritize. Do we prioritize high level travelers, service providers or 3rd party high level. Tell them
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: well, the way I think about it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I need to think about impacts as a market urgency altogether to understand which one prioritize
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: then, but I'm not going to show them this table because the table 3, 2, 5. You add numbers to the table. Right? It will.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It will take a while to do it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But I verbally here take notes. Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so I would. I would just say it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I always say it. Do I choose traveler service providers or 3rd parties altogether, which one is, is important. Which side of the marketplace do we prioritize? Well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I would consider 3 things size of market impact size market urgency. So what is size market impact urgency means this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then I will just say these in the interview copy paste for you guys.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I literally say the same sentences in the interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You don't need to modify, because I give you the shortest.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: A fewer sentences to get to the point faster during the interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Say this, we'll pass the interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's right. He's like, okay. So we'll think about those 3 factors. Impact says, market urgency impact means the market means this urgency means this. Each one is one sentence. That's it. So obviously, with all 3 consideration, I'm going to prioritize travelers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They say prototype straightforward. Nothing. We said already, okay, then, what's that? Now? Next up.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I do need to prioritize sub-customer segmentation of travelers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then you do this table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You put it here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Because sub-customer segmentation will. It's less obvious which one to prioritize
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the one that say, travelers, service provider. All of this more obvious pick one go right.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: therefore straightforward. Okay. So now and then you said, well, I need to prioritize with the sub customer segmentation and ask question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: do you mind? I use 1 min to finish the prioritization for the subcustomer segmentation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Just ask this question. The interview is, go ahead. Yeah, 1 min. What's during this 1 min? Here's what you do.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The 3 immediately copy. Paste the table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You should prepare a table, right.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: copy, paste the table and plug in the 3 type of sub-customer segmentation for travelers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Put it here, which is like a leisure business niche, one to 3. Right here, then, you plug in
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: oops high, medium low.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: By the way you can do numbers. I forgot how
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you need a 5, 5, 4, 5. All right. You can do numbers. Okay? You can. You can do numbers totally no problem.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can also do high medium low either way is fine.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It totally is always fine.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If I go to interview, and I am Nagra Math.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm just gonna hymen and low.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: if my brain works better, if I give some numbers, give number either way is fine.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, just just pick something. The goal for me is help. You pass the interview. See the right thing to pass the interview. Okay, high minimum, whatever. Pick it in. And then you you plug it in.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Basically, let's do high mean. And I think it's easier for everyone who cannot run math on the fly. You cannot run math on the fly. It's just high, medium, low. So we're not very stressed out. You can't run math on the fly. Just do this. Add it up
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: straightforward. Okay, either way is fine, totally totally, not plugging in numbers.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: La mia.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me have volunteered parking numbers for me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: My ta! And can you enter the subcustoma summitation for travelers
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: enter those 3. It should be easy. Just wait a second. Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah. Okay. So now let me let me let me. Let me have warrant here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You know what. Let's everybody.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you can. Access to the Google Sheet, come here, everybody. You just write down high, minute, low
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: business, Major niche. I won't do this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then she write
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like high for impact. I made a stuff. Okay, Median, for something urgency. This is low, and next one high high. Make sense for you guys.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do a quick scoring.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do quick scoring something like that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as example above the ones you want to prioritize.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Make sense to you guys, everyone. Just practice, I mean saying things means nothing. You guys don't take it
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right. The ghost let an offer, not me lending offer. You guys are an offer. Just say, do something fast. Do something. Hire me now. Just do whatever easiest way to use short amount of time
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to to help yourself to score it quickly.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's a good exercise, a good exercise. Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah. You can do simple, high medium log. No need to copy, paste the whole table any, anyway? Help you guys to think fast, write something and build the one you want to prioritize
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like the examples I and give you guys
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: my tier did the job. All the notes looks great at the same time. Let me let me see anything when
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: great, cool above this is important. Pause. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: very good. I think. Ta do very good. Such a good job.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You guys done both the ones you want to prioritize. I want bold business niche.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, I think I think the the obvious one is the straightforward
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay. So most people pick leisure straightforward. Only one person pick niche.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So let me let me show you what I what I think
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we need to. We need to pick someone's put it here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: By the way.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the most important is, did you prioritize the right one? Or it's not not, I said. This is Median. Someone said. It's high here, 91. You can make a Median high do a dash in between all right because the goal is a total score.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The goal is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is this total score for for one of the customer segmentation higher than others. The goal is is that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: the goal is not to negotiate. And well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this is not 5. I think this is 4 wasting time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Did you see, for example, in this in my, on my size, which is highest anyway? Why argue, this is 4 or 5 doesn't matter. It's highest
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right as example. So as long as you're able to
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: easily pick the right one for your prioritization, you're done.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. The the small fine tune is high or medium high in between is not as important.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, cool, cool. But we see most most leisure. Only one person doing niche. I want to go for leisure myself as well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so let me let me let me just just use this one as me
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: ta copy. Paste one of these. Here, let's score this together, you know. Pick someone else. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I want to pick straightforward grace is clearly you pick something
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: who did niche. I think most of them pick leisure. I think leisure is very straightforward, which which means this, and here you can fill in this you can fill in this numbers as you go. Right. So very straightforward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I say.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: oh, oh, oh, let's do! How many law! Let's audit. Do not wrong numbers, because nobody is doing numbers. Right? Let's do how many law, right? So
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: leisure impacts high, I think size market. This is definitely highest, right? This is highest niche median.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think business travel also. Median. Right now, urgency. I think the size market very straightforward impact. Which one do. We help has biggest impact. I think I think business is kind of like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Median. You're just there, anyway. Someone's helping you right? Urgency low.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you know you just you. You have lots of money
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to go fly business class, whatever company like. Fine as an example. Right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think the whole thing is he?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think this is. I'm sorry it's not, could be high
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: need travel. I do think this is high.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You could do this. Let me let me see my score here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, here is my scores roughly, you know again.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for the sake of time, do an interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and altogether we don't want to argue. Is the Median high as as long as you pick the highest one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, we don't need to make it in between. But in a high level. Here's what I meant.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: all right, I think impact. Leisure and niche are both high.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I felt an urgency, a bow tie.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: maybe niche is even higher because of niche but
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: says the market for leisure is high.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Devin Hyatt coming with niche. So therefore, if I go to interview, I will go for this one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, oops, maybe make it yellow on team. Yeah. Team make yellow.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I will go for this one here. You can change any format just like anything each time I do, and make it less pretty than what you had, change anything you want. So in high level, if for the speed I would choose this one, I'll do some high, quick score like this, and we're done.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So now I do want to hear. I see most people. Most people straightforward. Choose. Choose. Dj, I do want to hear someone choose this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: who did, who choose. You're the only person vote for niche
Cynthia Lin: Think it's me?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Tell me more, Cynthia, what.
Cynthia Lin: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Niche is higher.
Cynthia Lin: Because for the impact between leisure and niche, I choose leisure as am a medium, because I think a lot of people who, traveling this themselves, they already have the existing tool that they are using so and they, a lot of them, should be
Cynthia Lin: at least able to communicate like using English in other countries. So the the impact for the niche one like people who cannot like family, they don't speak good English, but they take kids to to travel, and like me, if I go to, I go to like Japan. I need to find a restaurant, but I don't know if this there are
Cynthia Lin: case friendly.
Cynthia Lin: So the if this app can help me on this, it will be more impactful. That's why I choose high for niche and medium for leisure.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I see.
Cynthia Lin: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. I think all good argument the same thing as urgency, because the niche more challenges higher urgency. Right? All of these. So now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I go, for the, I think makes sense.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me show you what another angle of thought about this is. I think, that just size the market is too small.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And now you're designing trouble for Facebook
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Facebook as a company want to go big.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They want to have. We'll talk about why this. Remember this, why data user is going down. Everything is going down. They also want to train the AI. So the more data the better.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So they're going for big.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So therefore go for this one
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then says Market, I do think the impact urgency could be high.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Just the the size is smaller.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And it's for Facebook. So I go for this one. So therefore, the like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: we give more weight here. All right. So now, during the interview, let's say.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for some reason you score this way.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then you pause. You're like this is Facebook.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I cannot go for something that's obviously half smarter.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Nice size market.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then you change your score on purpose.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, and and if if you also have a tie.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you just modify a score to to pick the one that's
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: whatever make most of the sense.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right now, as example, okay. cool trial question.
Tung Vu: Yeah. So I'm thinking that since this is basically your your lesson of saying that if you're in a big company like you pretending to be a Pm. On the big company. Then you have to think bigger, like market impact. Right? But say, this is startup. The question for startup design an app for us. Then then you can basically talk about hey? Why, you chose niche.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes.
Tung Vu: As a as a focus, because that's competitive edge for for a startup.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes, you can.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes, but but yes. But my, my intention. You can use the score if you start up.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, for that's what I'm asking.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: yeah, yeah, yeah, you can use a score for startup. But I'm not going to make it too obvious
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that because I'm startup, I cannot go big. I focus on smaller niche market all startup. If you want to survive in today's market, you go for niche for sure. Right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So I'm I'm not going to make it very.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because I'm starter of a niche. There's no way to survive, right? So it's like pretending to a score. People, you know. Pretend you do a score. Okay, pretending, at least pretending. And also the the systems helps you to guide
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: your thinking process. Anyway, general question.
Jana Jiang: Do you think choosing different segment like we choose? Niche would fail the interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Like no,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't think you will fail the interview. I think it will make it challenging.
Jana Jiang: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Later on, when we
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as we, because after, if you choose the wrong customer segmentation or you didn't go for the main thing right then you design, let's say, go for niche. You probably design it for
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: people with disabilities as example or family travel. One of these 2, more likely.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All right. And it let's say, if you choose disability, and it's like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I guarantee you. No, let me ask you which big tech company the app
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's good for people with disabilities. They don't even have the icon. To be frank, very frank.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: they say it where diversity, inclusion, they say it did it show on the app. Facebook has disability app icon. No.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So therefore, by heart we know it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But if you accidentally design niche and you, you might accidentally go out disability sort of that, and then that
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: they don't even have it today.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: They all know it. They don't say it for political reasons, to be frank.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? So, therefore, this is just preventing you going to the wrong track right? But if you choose niche and it designed for like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: group travel as example.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's something potentially.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Meta could well do as example. That will not kill you. If you accidentally go on a path with disabilities, I think we'll kill you for the interview for the purpose, not getting hired by Meta. But it's not for the purpose that you didn't design really great app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Their underlying thing. Big tech means doing. They don't say it to you. They market in different ways. To be frank.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? So there's like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: disabilities, I think biggest help ever like nobody's serving them. Even today. We're doing this case for for many years nobody served them. We're we're on the app
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to Frank.
Jana Jiang: What if we if we we have the score for both of the segmentation, and it will show the score is pretty close, and I will, let's say there have equal equal score, and I will say, because leisure has bigger market size, so I will prioritize leisure. But on top of that. I still want to give options to meet Traveler.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No too complicated. I would just make the niche one of those score lower.
Jana Jiang: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I would just make this. I wouldn't make it too complex. I would just make the niche when the scores lower, maybe impact lower urgency lower, or you make like how I do it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: High, high for everything niche says market medium, see? And and you don't even argue.
Jana Jiang: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right to say clearly, it's lower.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm not arguing for other things. I'm saying sales market smaller, and they compare higher. If you score this way
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is the more obvious winner.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, to do obvious winners! But try your best to score it first, st but because this thinking process is more like guidance for you to.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But but this one is more is more straightforward. To be frank.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: sometimes they're not straightforward sub-customer segmentation. This will do a great help.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: but no scored union squared. Okay? So now,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: ta, take notes regarding what to say after you use the table. Right? So after you, you ask for 1 min you score this table, you come back. You said, Well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: ta, take notes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you say this. Well, as you can see in the table. Let's say the exact same thing in the interview
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as you can see in this table, I put sub-customer segmentations
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: on the table and compare with 3 key factors, which is impacts as market urgency.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: As I mentioned earlier, impact means
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: da da, da, I'm going to repeat this again, just in case this person forget about it, and it only takes you one sentence
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for each of the 3 things
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: literally 10 seconds, like 10 seconds in total.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All right. So therefore I'm not going to cut time on that. I cut time in 2 different ways. I will show you. Okay. I never cut time on the framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? So what you can see this, the impacts of the market urgency. Well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as I mentioned, earlier impact means which customer segmentation, should we help out? Have the biggest impact on the society situation we're in sales. Market means how many people belong to the customer segmentation urgency means? Do you want to solve the problem today or yesterday. Okay, with those 3 in mind, I'm going to prioritize leisure
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and directly jump to the ones you prioritize instead of going through each of them one by one, because we want to save time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Remember, 3 framework within 45 min is a trend nowadays.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So then jump to here leisure.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So, therefore, prioritize Dj, the reason is that will have the highest impact
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for leisure nowadays, because lots of leisure, mainly for vacation purposes, right as we can see nowadays there's a lot of delay going through places, and the travel experience. Wasn't that good, anyway? And it destroyed people's like best annual plan vacations or going to Christmas and then not able to get destination. The impact is pretty big nowadays.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Well, said Mark, clearly, so many people travel for vocation. Fun purposes. See the important. Others manipulate for leisure purposes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right? And urgency.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: As we mentioned right now, there's there's like people trying to go from place A to Place B. They want to get to the destination with the smoothest experience.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Now that we've seen so much disruptions in the flight and accidents and delayed disruptions they want to get it dressed. They have the best vacations ever
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: well, and and they can see on the security. We practice leisure first, st as you can see on this table. Wow, another part was niche actually niche pretty high in terms of impact urgency
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because they have a special needs. They want to get addressed asap bigger impact as well. However.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: they just have lower market size compared with Dj.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So therefore, I will still prioritize leisure.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for now, if for extra time we may look into niche later on. But, given, this is 45 min case interview. I'm going to look into leisure, for now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this is literally going to say in the interview, okay. So therefore, only only talk about the main ones. You want to prioritize others.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can mention
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: some kind of differentiating factors. We put some niche is a loser so that we're losing brain because market size is small, but the other 2 pretty high.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I would just put it out there right. I didn't even want to mention business.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's kind of straightforward, right?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And without wasting time talking about something that's obviously loser, right? If it's kind of close, I will mention some part
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: a little bit.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? So that's what I said in the interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Save time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Understand? Prioritization is the biggest time waster.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Ta! Take notes, prioritization, biggest time waster. If you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: spend lots of time just like talking about prioritization. Just as, therefore, just say the short, concise way I show you here and show the table faster that way.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? And then quickly, what have this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: pain point straightforward? Okay, so now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as a as a group exercise. I want you to guys to do this point a bit.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Where's my? Oh, where's oh, dj, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: pinpoint for leisure in interview one top 3. Best answered.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: best pain points. Okay for the exercise. I want people same here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Write. Help me to write down.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: By the way, before. Do this after you finish this you say you ask, interpret this question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so therefore pride has leisure.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Is there anything I missed?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Always ask? Is there anything I missed
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in in between issue framework? Always ask, is anything missed? So give the interviewer opportunities
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to to check in, to guide you? If it's wrong, right? Anything I missed
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: before I move on to the next session, which is Pain Point.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can say it that way.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, usually, if you get right they will get a rate, or they might. You or Interviewer might just try to have a conversation
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: they were like. Hmm, I agree with the leisure. What do you think of niche as example?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Even if they agree with you, they may
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: just ask some questions, so to have a conversation. To be frank.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or even test out your thinking process.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I also need your script. What do you think of niche? And oh, as I mentioned earlier, it's pretty high in many different ways. Okay, just say smaller size of market.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, just have have a small conversation that let the interview lead you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But usually, when you solve the case in the right way, they will just led your pass.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay? More likely. Even the questions will be easy. Question. Nothing, nothing too special. Okay, cool. And then so back and forth, anything missed, you know, not missing or asking some small questions. Okay. So now, assuming didn't miss anything and say, Okay, great cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Next tab.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I need to look into different kind of pain points for this customer segmentation. Do you mind? I spend
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: a minute to brainstorm some pain points. Let's re ask this question.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It was like, Okay, go ahead.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, okay. So now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I want everybody to this. If you are still live with me, write your answers in the sheet
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: right now in Google docs, same thing. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: everybody. You are only allowed to write top 3.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, just 3 is going to my interview. And because we only want the best of the best.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: but okay, in the interview you can write more today in the live cases. Let's write 3 per person. Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The recommended recommended to write top 3. Today. We everyone. Everyone writes 3. Okay, because I want to see the best
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what you can think of. And now we have 20 people here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't want to see 60. Okay, right? Right good ones. Right good ones. Put it here, put it here. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: if you, if you agree with others just to do plus one of other people, I did books, and we can do plus one like this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: if agree with others. Because I don't want to see 60, 30, times 3, 60.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, okay, do me a favor if it's if agree with other. Do press one
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: question, do you guys experience, or your friends experience? Or you heard of lots of like travel, delay.
Tung Vu: It's supposed to take off at 3 o'clock and then didn't take off.
Tung Vu: Yeah, recently. Yes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It. Just this happened. It's always like this, or just recently heard more.
Mun Chet: Hmm.
Tung Vu: Hard to tell that that is hard to tell.
Huanhuan Yue: It happened for me the whole year last year, and this year I haven't been traveling once that
Huanhuan Yue: my slides on time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, that happened to.
Mun Chet: That's see.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, that happened to my nanny. So I have lots of nannies. Yeah, happened to my nannies.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I have kids. I don't travel as much because of kids. But all my Nanny's travel was delayed
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: interesting. So I'm just wondering, is it that bad before? Maybe Chatgpt knows. But it's bad. Recently.
Yuriy Bihusyak: The weather.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Maybe the weather all right.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It was. It was.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I have limited data, so I don't know. Maybe.
Yuriy Bihusyak: We don't have that much in California.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I live in Miami.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I see it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let's read it. I recently.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, experience
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is this happening more lately?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Or it's just my bed.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That lock or is, is more.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It is always like this, maybe those.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, it's not just your luck.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: A trending upward. Oh, it's trending upward. Okay, okay, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's not just my luck, but not luck.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: demand search booming. I'm not sure how much. But I think this is how we're solving the case. Air travels booming, major carry 1 billion passenger up
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: increasing. So so increase daily. Peak flight reached exceeded ATM capacity. Oh, exceeded ATM
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: infrastructure, strained. Okay, infrastructure is old.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: weather? Oh, severe storm said the better
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: globally or recently, better weather. Okay, okay.
Mun Chet: Can relate to the weather. We had like 5 flights the past year, and then me and most of my friends had a delay because of the rains and thunderstorms.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Interesting on a good it. Failure. Interesting, interesting. Maybe. The recently, the worst weathers global warming stuff.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Interesting? Interesting. Okay. But anyway, so sidetrack a little bit.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, by the way, tomorrow I'm announcing an announcement. We're gonna do an event in Boston because I'm in Boston right now. I'm gonna do a meetup event, and people need to sign up if you try for other place to Boston hopefully, your flight is good, if not people in Boston. Let's hang out and cool. So meetup event.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm high risk photographers. Everybody likes
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: places. Okay. But look out for my announcement tomorrow, and I need the local people help me to scout different kind of restaurant bars for us to go to. If you want to volunteer for the scouting trip, let me know.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or you have ideas regarding which you go, let me know as well. But anyway, so any plus, I think this one has lots of plus ones. I like those what we have right now as well. But there are different group planning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: much times, I know. Lack of experience, time consuming a little time, lack of price. Transparency.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: fragment experience like for the website. Fragment. Uncertain about local experience. Okay? Cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Why, people don't talk about the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: let's top pick top 3. Let me let me let me see. The fragrant booking experience is straightforward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: finding personal recommendation. How to tailor experience. Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: High cost, hidden fees, unexpected cost current budgeting. I think these 2 I like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: There's 2 for sure.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I like this one as well. Group difficult in group planning
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: when everyone has different needs and wants.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I read this one as well, and
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I see this good as well. Her, too, Taylor.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think this group planning personal recommendation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and also this is a hard to
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What? Don't know what to do? What is it? Don't know what to do or what should
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: someone said, don't know what to do. Once you land, once you land.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: where is hold on! It was here it's disappeared.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, here, here, I think this include sorry.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This thing includes a lot as example. So you said, personal recommendation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: including what activity to do. I think this statement number 2 include lots of stuff behind it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: inquiring what not to do like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think Rupan is here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I see lots of planning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm off.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let's do a planning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The group planning and also different.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think, planning a thing. I see recommendation planning also overlap. Let me think about what would I do?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Booking experience as in straightforward
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: recommendation, based on your personal interest is one thing
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: planning, I think, group planning, other planning. Let's all do. Planning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Planning is hard.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Da la da. And then, when you travel. Your flight delayed.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that's a little bit out of Facebook control, but we can write it as a pain point. But we don't prioritize
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for flight delay. Okay, Tia, help me just write down for the purpose. Documentation flight delays.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So now, we recommendation, personalization.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Different kind of planning group planning, individual planning the planning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, I group them into one thing planning. So I have 3 things personalization planning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: group planning, individual planning and booking process. Okay, so now, prioritization, let me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What's my size now we'll prioritize again after I have pain point we prioritize again.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Me? 1, 0, 3, 4. Okay, I will plug in.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Ta, help me to plug in this 1, 2, 3.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let's do planning this. This one group planning individual planning all go into planning
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: any kind of planning takes a long time to plan
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: put here. So I have 3 things, and then we'll prioritize. Okay. So now let me also help you copy paste. I have written definition.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: pain, level.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: ping, level. How many paint says, opportunity urgency out of these? Okay, so now let's let's solve this case together very quickly.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Pain level permission. Okay? So I want you to.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: For the, you know what? Let's do. Small group discussion.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm not going to prioritize for you. But you you guys understand what I mean. I give you a demo already using the the table above
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is in this table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so we're going to run the same table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But definition is here, pain level. How much pain for each one size of opportunity.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, size, opportunity is right here. What it mean is what percent your customer segmentation suffer from the same pain point?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do everybody have trouble in personalization?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do everybody have trouble in trip planning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's okay for everybody. Just make it high. Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Urgency.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: How soon they want to address a pain point
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: can they solve? Do do they want to solve it yesterday.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, with this, and you can score as you want, right? And then.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: after you have scored this, I want you to.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Gimme whatever priorities. Let's say, trip planning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Now let's say it's tree planning. I want to give me 3 solutions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We'll make a group exercise. Okay, it's it's more fun. I want to see who does better. Then we'll give you 3 solutions
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to solve
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: your trip planning pain points as example. I don't know which one prioritize. Okay, you use this. What? The 3 solutions to solve the trip planning pinpoint? You give me 3 solution. Okay? Then
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you give me the trade-off
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and pick the best solution for me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Trade ups. Here, put it on the table. Okay? Again, I want you guys to understand this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that do not once, once we put you guys in a small group discussion, do not argue.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is 4. This is fine. Doesn't matter. Do roughly, roughly. Solution number one is the best right. Everybody agree. Agree, agree roughly, roughly. Great cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is the one doesn't matter. It's 4 or 5. As long as the total score makes solution number one, the number one, we're we're good. Okay, save time. Same thing in the interview as well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so what we are going to do is we already agree on.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We'll have the pain point. You know, the pain point processes you want created solutions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then rank, which solution is the best
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: based on, based on the framework here. Now let me also copy, paste the definition of this framework here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is fun.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: There are. So I. My brain is full of solutions. Right now I have to hold it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So that you guys can think about it. Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And a solution. There's so many good solutions right now, and probably industry need to be re-innovated.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, cool. For the sake of everyone's learning. Let me review the framework for like a solutioning. Right? Solutioning, I think, is straightforward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You know what it is and also not let me elaborate in the trade-off session.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you talk about, let's say, trade off one solution number one. AI AI powered trip planning
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: AI agent. Plan everything for you. Solution number 2.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I don't know what's better than for, like a Facebook friends a chat. Chatbot integration, whatever stuff one or 3. Okay, so now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: trade-off.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: In your interview you will be asked trade-off questions a lot.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What do you think this solution is better than others? What do you think
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you can use this framework? This framework is so powerful? Oh, the AI agent versus human!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Well, why do you think AI Asian is better as example? And then your answer will be like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: was because higher effectiveness, engineering effort.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: medium. There's a lot of AI agent in the market right now.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Implementation EE median risk.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, there's some risk. What if AI hallucinates? That's not good. So we still need to do. Put human in the loop towards the end. When people ask you, trade off, those are 4 things you consider again. You can add more things to this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: corner cases, anything, other things but but this give you really great trade-off thinking process
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: after you run the trade-off.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then you know which one is the best
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: straightforward. Okay, it's scare. But I do want to highlight regarding the risk. Sometimes low risk
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you give a high score is opposite.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: High score means low risk. Okay? Same thing, ease of implementation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, let me define this ease of implementation. I think this is hardest for people to to understand
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: how easy to make customers adopt, buy and use and implement the solution.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: For example, legal constraint, user trust.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So sometimes, when your product is perfectly built.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But customer doesn't want to use it
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is here means ease, ease of implementation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is what's about.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, cool. We are going to do breakout rooms. I I think this is very straightforward. It's also very fun.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I have so many ideas already. But I give it to you guys. Okay, presentation should be easy. Pick one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Give me 3 ideas and then do some trade off. Understand? It's good or bad, different kind of risk behind things straightforward. Okay, so now, breakout rooms. Senior. Pm, versus non-senior. Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: a camera on everybody.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Do you know you need you can change your zoom background. Let me show you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Can the in group sessions make sure to change your zoom background. See?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Important enough. Don't forget to do a zoom background PIN, click here announcement
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in the disco. Okay, so in announcement, you link back here, you can download transition to Pm, senior, pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 8. Pm, okay, so change of zoom background, everybody. So now again, let me demo again.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Office hour, channel, Sunday office hours.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: In Mala's announcement. There is something important note here when you change your zoom background and click it, give you to the original picture we use all the time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, straightforward. I want you to change your zoom background and then turn on your zoom camera.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: camera on camera, on camera
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: camera. I want to see how many senior pm, versus non senior. Pm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Senior versus non-senior senior versus non-senior
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: senior, non-senior senior, non-senior. Let me see. Let me see, half half. So far.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so far, it's half half okay, so let me do breakout rooms.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, so far. Half.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 3. A open rooms.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, let me let me do
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 20 min. Okay, it's 20 min more than enough.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me think about this. Okay, open all rooms. Okay? So everybody. Here's what's going on.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I have 2 rooms. Senior. Pm, go to room one transition to Pm, go to Room 2.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, you have 20 min. I want to finish the framework. As I mentioned earlier.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: just prioritize whatever pain point, I think, should be straightforward and come back
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to present your solutions and pain. Point for me. But treat it as an interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Interview is fast
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: fast speed, speed. Speed. Okay, fast, 20 min. And then one person for each team represent your team to present your outcome for me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is a very fun case. So far. So much fun.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. Okay, everyone. Should. You should be able to join your room right now. Click, enjoy your room.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Senior. Pm. Room one aspiring Pm. Room 2
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: senior Pm. Room, one Espion Pm. Room 2.
Huanhuan Yue: Please. Sorry documents. How do you join room one again.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, there's a 3 dots.
Huanhuan Yue: Oh, I see it!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Side breakout room. Yeah. Yeah. 3 dot breakout room.
Huanhuan Yue: Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Senior Pm. Room one span Pm. Room 2, 3. Dot breakout room, 3 dots per column.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Sweet. Ask breakout room.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Nasiba interjoyed.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: One of those you can see
Nassiba Rehan: Where is it?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Let me let me let me let me help you.
Yuriy Bihusyak: There is like 4 squares on the bottom, says, join break room.
Yuriy Bihusyak: breakout room, connect with the 3 dots.
Nassiba Rehan: Oh, I can see 3 of you! That's it, like my picture.
Yuriy Bihusyak: Zoom zoom menu on the bottom.
Nassiba Rehan: Oh, yeah. Room one, am I? Room one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: City, Pm. Room one as Brian, Pm. Room 2.
Nassiba Rehan: I am spiring.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, let me repeat. Room 2
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yuri, which? Which room you wanna go? Sydney? Pm.
Yuriy Bihusyak: I don't wanna go.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, you know the result.
Yuriy Bihusyak: I don't wanna share my seat.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think we quickly get it done. And when you launch, the product is a race, I think AI thing is a race to market right now
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is raised to market.
Yuriy Bihusyak: Well, I got to identify 2
Yuriy Bihusyak: competitors of ours, but they all dead. Nothing happening.
Yuriy Bihusyak: They just make like 2 announcement on Linkedin. I went to their website. Nothing.
Yuriy Bihusyak: Maybe they developing something. But so far.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm!
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool finish up lunch. Let me go to their rooms. Let me let me finish teaching
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cool. Feel free to stay or wash their rooms.
Yuriy Bihusyak: I go to. I go watch the.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, everybody's back. I'm very excited
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to hear about all your ideas.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's found actually very fun to create travel. App. Let's have the senior Pm. Team present first.st
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Who's gonna present? Senior? Pm.
Huanhuan Yue: Understand? I'm yeah, sure and feel free to yeah. Feel free to chime in
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm! True to the market.
Huanhuan Yue: India.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, treat it as a market interview. Right? So we just ended, there are different. Where? What are the pain points? Okay? And then continue. It's a mark interview.
Huanhuan Yue: Okay, yeah. Well, starting with the PIN point. So there are 3 PIN point that we consider. So the 1st one being booking fragmentation where you have to go to different places.
Huanhuan Yue: to be able to plan, walk.
Huanhuan Yue: and execute your trips. The second pinpoint that we listed is the planning, the trip
Huanhuan Yue: that naturally has a lot of
Huanhuan Yue: activity involved, whereas everyone like people may have different ideas where they want to go on, and different days. A lot of headaches, usually when it comes to planning, and then the last one for travel personalization.
Huanhuan Yue: So for this one, everyone has a different idea of how they like to travel, what kind of event that they want to do? So we listed this based on for example, pain, level size of the opportunity and urgency. So the 1st one that we listed being the highest is the booking fragmentation
Huanhuan Yue: nowadays there's not an app exists for the marketplace that everything
Huanhuan Yue: it's consolidated in one area so that's very high pinpoint. And that happened across the board. If these is addressed, then it will give us a huge opportunity.
Huanhuan Yue: And then, yeah, that's we listed as the highest. So John said, You want me to go down to this next 2 as well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No.
Huanhuan Yue: Okay, so based on how we rain our rank, our pain points, we want to target on booking fragmentation.
Huanhuan Yue: There are 4 solutions that we've listed. So the 1st one is having one integrated app for all of the purpose. So now for for planning, for execution, we have different apps out there. But if in the ideal world, where everything is in one place.
Huanhuan Yue: that user can just do everything in there, this would be highly effective and be able to solve all of our pain points.
Huanhuan Yue: The next solution that we posted is AI travel agents, and these not only target towards solo travel travelers, but also group travelers being able to talk to this agent and be able to book a plan book and execute your itinerary for you
Huanhuan Yue: even so, during the trip you can even ask AI agent questions. As you are going through your travel.
Huanhuan Yue: the next one is being able to shop other people's itinerary.
Huanhuan Yue: So these come about, for example, when we have bachelor trips or going on a group vacation or a government is promoting some sort of travel in their own country to promote tourism. And we're able to see travel influencers or friends or families who've been to a certain country, you can directly book their itinerary
Huanhuan Yue: from these applications. The last one is, travel based on travel style. Some people who prefer, for example, more adventurous travel style, and they will follow that blogger and be able to
Huanhuan Yue: do similar activities that that person has done. So this is another solution that we've ranked. But look overall looking at different effectiveness, engineering, ease of use and risk. We finalize that AI travel agent is the most effective when it comes to solving the segmented booking
Huanhuan Yue: problem that we have.
Huanhuan Yue: Yeah. Senior. AI. Sorry all the Senior Pm, if you have any ideas that you want to or comment. You want to add, feel free
Huanhuan Yue: this one.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Good. Okay, you do have no comment. I think pretty good. I I like the solutions. The presentation is good. During interview. Make sure to describe. What do you mean by ease of implementation? Like engineering effort? All of these you need to describe
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: during the interview. Okay, at the same time. Risk not during the interview. Everyone pay attention. Ta, take notes.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. So during the interview risk session, you can say, risk high, low, what are different things right? But you still need to say.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what are the risks?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You put? Risk? 4. Which means not 5, right? 4 means a little bit risk. So what is the risk?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You should say it
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: so you can say effectiveness pretty high as you go, and then the risk is 4 out of 5.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Here is the risk, potentially AI will hallucinate, or I think, well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: yeah, that's a risk, or accidentally hallucinate. And book you from Miami to San Francisco, and then you land in China. Oh, in big trouble. You need to say it for recession.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? What are the risks and other things? Just describe the title, the meaning which way I gave you already. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think I guess.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Very good.
Huanhuan Yue: Do you go through each single solution and talk well?
Huanhuan Yue: Each.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No.
Huanhuan Yue: Categories here? Or do you only pick the ones that you choose as your final? Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Pick the one so follow the same style. That's why, for this session I let you guys do it because give you the style as well. So everything as everything. You take notes, everything. As long as you put a table here
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you are only required to talk about the title of the table. So the the meaning of the framework.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then, plus your number one choice based on prioritization
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and number trains for each of the 4 things in the table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: What are the risks? What's the effectiveness? What do you mean by high effectiveness? And you can like a little bit explanation right? But now, for other things. You can just say
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as you can see on this table,
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: other other solutions. It's not as good, but there's some pretty close enough, for example, shop other people's itinerary. It's pretty effective solutions. However, it's lacking this and this and this you can, you can. You can.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can pick one thing of other losers. I don't want to say losers winner, loser. You pick one thing or one or 2 things of other losers as you want to highlight.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: but I wouldn't pick the ones. That's obvious.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Whatever you think interview need to know.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right beside this, I think pretty good, just like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I read this in shop. Other people's itinerary is pretty good, they said, and I think a very good idea looks like your rank. Effectiveness is low, which means the modification might be, might be harder for you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as example. Right then you just say it a pretty good across the board, but keywords, as you can, as you can see on the table
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: means, you can see I don't read everything.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: This is also sharp. Other people idea pretty good. However, it is lacking the effectiveness, because
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what if I want to modify a little bit, be me and Jenna in general, it's pretty good, but modification kind of lacking. So that's probably make it less effective, but but
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: pretty good. But still AI agent is best. So that's our thing. But I'm not going to say everything.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because other, I think something that you clearly rank or lower, whatever just choose to say things you want to point out, but only choose to say maximum, 2 more likely one for that thing
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: that you want to highlight about other loser solutions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so that's that's how you save time and get to the point faster
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and and say, as you can see in the table, okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Who team 2 aspiring? Pm, let me see your idea
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: who is going to present the presentation is good. By the way, yeah, just needs to talk about the framework. It seems straightforward.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The idea is good as well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And who's the presenting team? 2
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: man who's gonna present your team.
Mun Chet: I don't think we have a specific person, but I can go for it and give it a try.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, yeah. Go ahead.
Mun Chet: Share this.
Mun Chet: We also ran out of time for a little bit. But let's get into this. Yes, so based on the 3 rankings that we have. We went with the planning trip as the highest
Mun Chet: and then the solutions right here that we came with are the AI agents.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Trademark interview, trademark interview you need to tell me about highest Y is highest.
Mun Chet: Yes, so the booking fragmentation part. So as this coming from personally as
Mun Chet: the person that has been booking a lot, or compared to the people that doesn't book a lot. I think this pays on the medium pain level as it could be done by research or just personal experience, but the planning part is most of the time that people does not have any experience or doesn't want to do the work, and it takes a long time. That's why it's like rate the highest or pain point. And then the personalization. Personally, it's like in the lower side. Because sometimes people just wanted to have their own, or it doesn't have to come.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Quick feedback. Everyone pay attention when you present. Don't present this way. Don't present vertically. Present this way horizontally. Okay, pick the one you prioritize, which is trip planning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can talk about trip planning. We prioritize trip planning. The pain point was because pain level is highest was because of clearly is also very high. Urgency is so high. Well, for other features as you can see on this table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: then you can pick one thing of the thing
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you. You want to talk about end.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm not even going to talk about personal travel, personalization, because if low, low, low, low across the board I kind of waste the time, right? Based on your based on, as you can see on the table, right? So probably gonna pick one thing booking fragmentation at the thing you. You want to share with interviewer, but present this way.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: horizontal, not vertical.
Mun Chet: Sounds, good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Start over again.
Mun Chet: Feedback.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And tell me.
Mun Chet: yes. So planning trip, is the highest ranking. For us, based on the paint level size opportunities and the urgency, as we can see right here. So the reason why we ranked as the highest one is the planning trip. Usually people does not want to spend too much time and work into it on top of the time, that they might not have an idea what they want to do.
Mun Chet: and then the size of the opportunity. We also ranked as high because this is also larger. Pain points to majority of the populations, and then the urgency. We also rank that as high.
Mun Chet: that this is the market that we can put into breaking to do it, and then, as you can see right now. It is considered to us like a higher score. From planning and booking fragmentation and then travel. Personalization is
Mun Chet: could be sorry. Sorry. Let me think that booking fermentation is sort of closer to the total score. But then it is on the lower side, because the based on the pain level and the size of opportunity. And then the urgency, and then the for the travel personalization. We rank it as the lowest one. Because
Mun Chet: well, the urgency, and then the pain level, since it's usually is not that much of a problem to other people, and it's more of the add on.
Mun Chet: And then for the solutions we came up with 3 right here. The AI. We actually combined the AI agent and Chatbot
Mun Chet: as one. And then we, the second one we have is a personalized trade, then, travel agent, a human yeah. And then the moonshot AR for the trip.
Mun Chet: Yes. We also have it. We're down to the solutions. The chat box and the AI agent with the Meta app feature that consolidates trip, planning into like a single dashboard like an AI chat box integrated into like the Metas messaging platform.
Mun Chet: And then the personalized travel agent straightforward. It's a person with a certain experience and then can guide it, based on your criteria and the moonshot one is integrated with the Meta AI technology, user can virtually walk through destinations like activities like glasses. With your mobile device and things like that.
Mun Chet: And
Mun Chet: for this the total score came out, the AI agent and chat box one between the highest one. So it is, in conclusion. It is the highest effectiveness. One but, on the other hand, and there's also some engineering effort that goes into it. That's why we just give it a 3. And then the ease of implementation we actually put 4 and then the risk we put 2 as low. The risk.
Mun Chet: That came up with the 14 so effectiveness. AI as we already know. It's pretty effective. You put in your criteria and it gives you like. I said. Your personalization almost instantly.
Mun Chet: The engineering effort that goes into it. It's even though there's still some effort comes into as long as you have like a base once you have the front end work done. It can start implementing. And then there's less further work. Toward the end
Mun Chet: and then the risk implementation. We also put forward. So slides were the easy side to use, and then the risk part. Since AI, there's also like some risk going to it like the broken down engine back end, or similar things like that happen. So there's also some risk into it.
Mun Chet: And the personalized travel agent, we actually rent it as a second. It is highly it's also somewhat worth a higher effective side. Since it's also like a personal agent, someone that has like that experience that goes into it.
Mun Chet: but it's slightly lower, because AI is probably still better.
Mun Chet: for the moonshot AR one we also ranked like the lowest one.
Mun Chet: it could be effective.
Mun Chet: But at the end of the day. Like like lowers and things like that. But then it's actually hires engineering work into it, and then the harder to implement into it
Mun Chet: so recommend the personalized AI agent and chat box because of the scalability. So once you develop the model can be delivering trip design to like millions of people. At the same time. The speed of delivery. The cost effectiveness. For customers.
Mun Chet: Nope.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Pretty good given the 1st time you present you follow the framework very well.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: but some of these are not specific enough. Let me give you examples. For example, the risk
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you said.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: There are some risks for AI, because the back engine might break, not specific enough.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Beat. What do you mean by back the the moonshot? Also? Back engine, my brick
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as example. Right? But what do you mean by backend? You might break. So what does mean break.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, brave means a hallucinate or means it booked the wrong trip.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All means ghost. You
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: doesn't book right? So what do you mean? And now not understand this, you make the risk 2 means
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: higher risk compared with other risk.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? So you need to be specific regarding there's a couple risks. Number one may hallucinate number 2. It may break in the back engine, which I still don't. I just don't understand what you mean by back engine break. What does it mean? You be specific, it will hallucinate. It might book the wrong thing.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and you don't even know you go on the wrong plane. You land, the wrong city. Oh, big trouble. That's what I want to say. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: like, same as a description of other frame for some easel implementation. It's all pretty easy to implement.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Be a little bit more specific, right? So I can describe
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: AI agent now that AI Chatbot, AI agent, has been a known thing. Well, AI agents are not as known. But AI Chatbot is easy implement, right? So the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: easy implementation now now, AI is you can describe like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: AI is quite popular technology nowadays. Lots of big tech company has been using and experimenters already. So implementation for AI technology is not that hard nowadays.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So a little bit more. Everything but one more sentence be more specific.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think it's throughout the entire framework and same thing as go scroll up, scroll up
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: same thing as the the pain levels. Especially you said
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: planning trip. The urgency is high, I think when you say urgency is high, you said, because a lot of people need planning trip. No, no, a lot of people need planning trips. That says the meeting is high. Urgency high is like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: no solution help with the plan. There's no good solutions right now doesn't exist.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And I want to solve the problem yesterday.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So therefore it's high urgency. So bees
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: best. I think each of these description in the framework need to be more specific. All of these same thing as a low personalization. Urgency is low, sales, opportunity low, everything be specific. So you can choose not to talk about it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you choose to talk about, let's say I still choose to talk about travel personalization. But I'm going to say this.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: As you can see, travel. Personalization is pretty low in all the factors.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Specifically, for example, urgency is lowest.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Da da da one sentence, let's say, travel, presentation, urgency, slow, or why slow?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: People already like know what they want.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's more the implementation of what they want
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: is challenging. So, therefore, the urgency of trouble presentation is actually low.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: whatever just like pick. I rather you pick one thing dive deeper than just say, this is low, this is low, this is low, as you can see, this is low. Right now. Just pick one, pick one, but for your main one, the travel planning trip, the one you prioritize each of these you need to be. You need about all 3.
Huanhuan Yue: Be specific.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, make sense to you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes, actually. So, so it's main like, it's okay to not go over the less urgent one. But if you do want to go into it, you want to be more specific and understand us to explain why?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: yeah, it's okay not to say it's it. Then you can say as whenever you don't go into it, you say.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: As you can see in this table, we prioritize tree planning was because, as you can see on the table.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: travel, presentation on these in general, that pretty low you can just use, as you can see on the table. They're pretty low
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and and and then usually to be safe. If I present, I'm going to present the winner
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for all 3, but for the second best for the middle one. I want to pick one thing of the middle one
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to dive deeper, to show that as example, this is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: good but not as good. Just one thing.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Pick one thing in urgent. This is pretty good in the pain level, so the more piece it's meaning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But the main thing is, urgency is quite medium.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It was because da-da-da-da-da.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay? And then you can see trouble. Presentation. Relative speaking is the lowest amount on the map. Then move on.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, that's what we need to do. Okay, cool. And anybody clear regarding presentation. Okay? Chung question.
Tung Vu: It's not. Oh, actually, yeah, it's about presentation. So
Tung Vu: as we present the pain point and solution, you mentioned that. Can you give us example of how to tie it back to the Company Mission, the goal and the prompt goal like pro goal. Just like.
Tung Vu: I'll give us some.
Tung Vu: Okay example on that.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Me. Give me the show. Me the scroll down to show me the solution side. Yeah. Solution. Okay, cool. Cool. Okay. Cool. Now. Here is the mission, the mission of the companies that we where it come up is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and they shouldn't go in the beginning.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Usually during prioritization.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you have a tie.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You need to use it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If you don't have a tie. It's a clear winner. To be frank, I think the Asian is a clear winner.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: If a clear winner, you don't need to type back because a clear winner.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Right? Let's say it tied with AI for the trip. Let's assume it doesn't tie right? Let's say it tied up right
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: in that situation the way you tie. Let's say you tie close enough.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You can describe this way. So, for example, like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: a agent. And Chatbot was, I prioritize this one was because the the 4 key factors, effectiveness, engineering effort, easily implementation, risk. What does mean is effectiveness.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: How great the solution is able to solve the specific pain point in terms of trip planning
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: engineering effort, how much engineering teams ever
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you need to put in to develop this
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: implementation, how easy for end user to adopt and implement this new technology and the risk or potential risk involved. And here, because AI Chatbot could potentially. I put the risk pretty low in this in this in this score, as you can see in this table, was because it might hallucinate. And what if it hallucinate and book you from
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: wrong destination? That's a big disaster. Okay? And probably want to shut down the whole program. And then, in contrast, we also have the other solution, which is also pretty good
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: moonshot using AI for the trip, so they can pre-visualize. What's it look like before you even go there. Your entire plan trip plan is presented in front of you. So you can have a like a trailer to movie preview of your movie before you walk into movie to your final vacation destination. How fun it could be.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And you can see on this table. And we'll say that again you can. You can see in the table is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's a very good effectiveness, pretty low, whatever low or high, whatever
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: all of these, and at the same time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I also believe that for for, as we can see, the case which is for the purpose, better
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: user experience for the travel app and also was closing people together would make people feel like they're close together using tools.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I feel like AR is making people less connected because you're living in your own world
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: instead direct, connecting people with more conversation going to trip togethers. Therefore, I still think overall AI. Agent plus Chatbot, has the highest score, not only have best effectiveness, implementation, okay, risk and also meeting with the goal much better. As example, I will say it that way. But I made up in terms of AR making people separate. I made up stuff. Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: because I don't think that making people separate it just just not as effective.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Perfect.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's example, how you link it back
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: to the mission. When you have a tie.
Tung Vu: Hmm, but there is no need.
Tung Vu: Actually, yeah, it makes sense. And basically, there is no need to immediately mention it. I just want to kind of like. See if there is a way to
Tung Vu: kind of like. Make sure that you, you know, once you mentioned solution, it ties all the way back. So.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you just yeah, you type out the way I described basically say, I'm pretty good. But Asian Chatbot is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this is created, have a better experience, and also making people closer together by enabling
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: group travels, the planning with whole community together, so encourage people to travel even more, basically add it back that way.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah. But for clear winners it's not necessary. When you have a tie you need to. You need link back
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: or or close time right.
Tung Vu: Good.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Because the personal travel agent right? Clearly, you don't use human right? Clearly.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: also, obvious choice, because this one is so obvious, we don't really need to link it back when you have like on the fence is close enough. That's why we'll create this clean back, the mission better. And also the purposes.
Tung Vu: If it's not mission, then we still need to mention the product goal right? And so.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That is, yeah.
Tung Vu: Yeah, so that means it's better experience in protocol. Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, which is ex, yeah, go back to the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: this is clearly better experience. Human I think you have obvious choice. But you can say it
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: clearly. Better experience in in terms of protocol, this AI Asian Chatbots. They're very experienced in human. And the
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and AR, yeah, cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. I like this. Okay, the one thing in the senior Pm. Team there is a little bit confusion.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Well, after you prioritize a pain point, the 3 solutions should be solving the same pain. Point
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: not 3 solutions. Solving multiple pain points. It will only choose one pain point. The reason is.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: ta take notes. The reason is it's 45 min.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'd rather you go deeper.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then do something. 3 solutions solving 3 pain points. And and what if number 3 is not as good. And also that's what the interviewer want to see.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We have limited time initial. Then you prioritize. I prioritize this pain point. Let me show you 3 different ways to solve the same pain point, and also show you which of the 3 can can be the best
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: after evaluating the 4 different kind of trade-offs.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, do not do 3 solutions solving 3 pain point, or whatever many different pain points. It's not what the interview want to see. When you have limited time.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: We have 2 h, 5 h. Yeah, you can have many or even several days. You can create so many solutions solving all possible pain point. You can do that.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I bet this is 45 min case. You can do it fast.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Trump question.
Tung Vu: On the basically the solutions. Or even when we are talking about the pain points. Actually, yeah. So for solutions, the the prompt is design, a travel app right? But the solution is, feels like a feature of an app.
Tung Vu: So how to make sure that we are not kind of like we, we stay in focus, we talking about 1 1 part of the app or basically main point main feature of the app. But the app also consists of a lot of other stuff. So in the in in the interview, what what do the interviews expect when you, when they ask you to design an app.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, so.
Tung Vu: Scope might be big, so.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So the next part, which is, go to Mep phase.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: what have the solution? The interviewer will say, okay, so can you draw out.
Tung Vu: Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The AI agent travel app for me.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: That's where the the app, because app, as you said, app has multiple things.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: More than this is the main feature, this the most. This is like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: differentiated feature for your app. But App has multiple different things, right? So that's with with Mvp face, Mvp face basically has.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: There's a screen, something talking, I assume.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I think it's I think the Chatbot pop up.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then something that back end booked and your app will have confirmation. It's booked, booked, booked, booked, booked. Your itinerary is here. You already. See the email confirmation. And I already know the confirmation like this is in your email is also here regarding you fly to Dubai tomorrow.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Some say so that the app the app has multiple user experience. Would you describe the key feature of those user experience. But it's in the Mvp phase.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, because the final step we should have the solutions into result. Can you draw the Mvp. For me? What's what's your AI travel agent and plus Chatbot look like.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then you do what I described. You have multiple screens putting a paper piece of paper, do it fast.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The screams Chatbot and back and forth
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: book book notification or something whatever.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, cool. Jenna, question.
Jana Jiang: So for Facebook interview, they have their own whiteboard, you gonna write during the interview. So for Mvp, you're suggesting we write on the their own whiteboard, or just on our PC. Because it's faster.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I suggest on a piece of paper
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as faster. We. I think I've been working with others before, very slow when you do it. When do a whiteboard.
Jana Jiang: In the same section.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Think, think about. Think about this. What I described has those check marks and booked booked, booked notification back and forth like, like, right? So I think it's faster using hands. But I will make it clear to interview, saying
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: it's much faster if I do it on a piece of paper to show you what what app look like. Do you mind doing a piece of paper faster than I shown in the screen? It's okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: He will say, okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: And then you do it.
Jana Jiang: It's very slow on the on the screen.
Jana Jiang: Think so too. So also, before the Mvp. Do we need to go over everything as a separate to make it clear, like, basically summarize everything all the steps. Or we just.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: It's not consulting interview.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, you don't need to. It. Just that it describes solutions. Is that okay? Join Mvp. What the solution look like, join out loud, and they just join and then tell them what's look like. Oh, oh, just remind me one thing.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Go all the way up.
Huanhuan Yue: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: All the way up, very up.
Huanhuan Yue: Simple.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You should, I forgot, mentioned in the beginning. You should tell them your framework up front. Comprehensive situation. So you tell the framework, after comprehensive situation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Go here on the CTA. Scroll who who is controlling the screen? Yeah. on between C and I, towards the end of C
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: towards the end of C towards the end of C doing C, and I, oh, yeah, yeah, okay, so yeah, tell them the framework right here. So basically, you clarify you told them assumptions, different things. Then you say, Okay, what I'm going to do next is
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: I'm going to break down customer segmentation.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: do some quick prioritization and show different pain point and then create different solutions and evaluate trade-off for solutions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Is it okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Give them a high level. What the framework look like
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: they will say, Okay, okay, go ahead and then say, Okay, cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Can have 30 seconds thinking about customer segmentation
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and say, Oh, yes. So just feel free to ask time. You should always ask
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: time in between each steps.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So you have a guaranteed success instead of you. Think on the fly will never give you great answer. Just ask for time. Can think about like for 70 seconds. Just always ask until you take notes. We're going to always ask for 30 seconds or 1 min in between each steps.
Mun Chet: Is this the part? You say it in the beginning, or like at the end.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: 30 seconds.
Mun Chet: Oh, sorry like you explain your framework like how you, coming up with these.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, like this!
Mun Chet: Circle. Yeah.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: The we talk about. The framework is at the end of C part
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: as in A. C. Before I.
Mun Chet: Thank you.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Cool. All right. So let me can you? Whoever control the screen? Please stop sharing. Let me do the Q. And A. Quickly
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Lemia, throw that away, am I? Am I sharing something weird?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Put your questions in the Slido. Let me go here, Slider, Srido.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Alright straddle.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: So Cerrado is what Marla shared here. You can submit questions.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Is there any questions?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No questions? Okay? Fine.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay. Basically. That's where you submit questions, looks like, answer all the questions can I ask.
Sisi Zhong: Question here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah. Go ahead. CC.
Sisi Zhong: Sorry. This is my 1st time attending the session, so I'm not sure you may have covered another session as we go through this case study. Is it best to come out with everything before we present? Or should we present a section and then to your point, ask for time to think about the response for the next section for each of the step here.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Second one ta take notes, basically
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: go through each steps, but tell them you have all the steps of what we showed to see. Session. 1st comprehend situation, tell all the assumptions, make sure we set the right goal correctly and then tell, okay, I'm gonna do the following step identify customers, customer segmentation, pain, point solutioning. And then
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: you
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: go through each of steps and ask for 30 seconds before each step, so that you brainstorm ideas for that step.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: and then you go through the step and brainstorm another 30 seconds or 1 min for the steps, and do a next step.
Sisi Zhong: Okay.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Hmm.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: cool. Okay. Great. Cool.
Nick Myrtle: See.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: A.
Nick Myrtle: Sorry. I just had a Hi. How you doing? I'm I'm sorry. I just had a quick question, and I wasn't sure if it's allowed to be asked now if I should ask in an office hours elsewhere.
Nick Myrtle: It was just in regards to what you mentioned about the product portfolio that I was putting together. And I'm gonna reach out. I saw your message on discord to the alumni who packaged her fitness programs and and made that a product for a product portfolio. Yeah, the the main thing I'm having a tough time with is just that. There's quite a few different industries that interest me, and I know that you said that it's best to integrate AI into the product portfolio so that you appeal to a lot of other ones.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Bye.
Nick Myrtle: I'm just trying to think of a good way to have like my signature product. But then have 2 other products that can help with being exposed to a few other different industries, such as, for example, Ecom or
Nick Myrtle: Fintech, or Ed tech, and those sort of things without, you know, putting a signature product out there, and that just narrows my opportunities elsewhere. Does that make sense.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Then you can have 2 links to portfolio. So maybe you can create multiple ones. Let's say, apply for e-commerce company. You move the that e-commerce signature product as a top one at the signature.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Okay, you change your signature product based on the type of company you present. You apply for.
Nick Myrtle: Okay, gotcha gotcha, and I'll probably just then do 3.
Nick Myrtle: I'll go into detail for all 3 of them, and just have one. That's like sort of like health based one that's more based on like Fintech. And, for example, one that's more based on like Ecom. And then that can target. When I do applications that way.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, exactly. And then you can make the rest as other portfolio.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: But the ones the main one. You just you rotate, you rotate whatever you apply, you make a signature part. You make it very clear. The signature part I must click here. The rest is other. If you'd like to check. That's it.
Nick Myrtle: Gotcha gotcha, so I'll just put that in the application. Be like, here's the 3. But please click on this one as my signature one for for this interview. Okay, beautiful. That was the main thing. Thank you, Dr. Nancy.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No, no, no wrong wrong one. URL. The URL homepage home page has.
Nick Myrtle: Yeah, your face?
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, whatever you have. And then you said, this is my second niche product. Click here
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: one URL, and then you can still have others other product portfolio down below other examples. That's it. One, URL.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You don't send them 3 Urls.
Nick Myrtle: If
Nick Myrtle: yes, yes. So I've got the one URL for a Wix website. But if I, if I applied it, say 3 different companies at the same time that are in 3 different industries.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Oh, oh! You give us 3 URL, but only give! Give us 3 different Urls by one URL
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: for each.
Nick Myrtle: I, just for each company, give them 3 different ones.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nick Myrtle: Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Thank you for that.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No problem, tron question.
Tung Vu: You kept mentioning about the table like showing the table. But I was thinking, if I'm writing down everything on the paper, then do I show it on camera.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Yes.
Tung Vu: Okay, because.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Turn on table. You you do. You do this one.
Tung Vu: Okay, okay, because you like. In the presentation, like, we keep saying, Oh, as you can see in the table. But then you have to. You know the focus, and then you have to show it.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: You do it?
Tung Vu: Might be okay. Alright.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: As you can see in table. You you do it on the table, and I've seen people
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: sorry. Back and forth. You can do the whiteboard for the for the table, and then when you draw Mvp. You must do a paper. It's just much faster.
Tung Vu: Alright, alright, cool.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: Swish back and forth.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: okay, cool. All right. So answer all the questions. We'll see you on Tuesday for my office hours. Okay, if you guys have any other questions just payment talk or go to our coaches in different office hours every single day. There's my office hours. Okay, cool, cool. All right. Talk guys soon see you on Tuesday for myself.
Nick Myrtle: Thank you.
Mun Chet: You.
Dr. Nancy Li @PM Accelerator: No problem.
Nick Myrtle: You, bye.